
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               19422184126249                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                               14133647                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                9653836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                 14287541                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   382.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            50755012695                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  5408454519                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5467346083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                 19.422184                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                19422184126249                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu0.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu0.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu0.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu0.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu0.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu0.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu0.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu0.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu0.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu0.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu0.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu0.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu0.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu0.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu0.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu0.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu0.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu0.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu0.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu0.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu0.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu0.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu0.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu0.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu0.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu1.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu1.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu1.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu1.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu1.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu1.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu1.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu1.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu1.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu1.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu1.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu1.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu1.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu1.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu1.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu1.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu1.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu1.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu1.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu1.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu1.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu1.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu1.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu1.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu1.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu1.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu1.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu2.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu2.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu2.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu2.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu2.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu2.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu2.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu2.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu2.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu2.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu2.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu2.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu2.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu2.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu2.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu2.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu2.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu2.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu2.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu2.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu2.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu2.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu2.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu2.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu2.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu2.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu2.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu3.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu3.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu3.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu3.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu3.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu3.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu3.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu3.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu3.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu3.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu3.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu3.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu3.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu3.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu3.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu3.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu3.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu3.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu3.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu3.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu3.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu3.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu3.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu3.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu3.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu3.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu3.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu4.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu4.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu4.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu4.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu4.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu4.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu4.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu4.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu4.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu4.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu4.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu4.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu4.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu4.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu4.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu4.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu4.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu4.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu4.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu4.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu4.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu4.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu4.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu4.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu4.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu4.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu4.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu4.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu4.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu5.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu5.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu5.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu5.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu5.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu5.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu5.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu5.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu5.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu5.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu5.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu5.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu5.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu5.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu5.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu5.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu5.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu5.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu5.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu5.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu5.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu5.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu5.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu5.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu5.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu5.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu5.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu5.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu6.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu6.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu6.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu6.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu6.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu6.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu6.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu6.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu6.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu6.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu6.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu6.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu6.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu6.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu6.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu6.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu6.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu6.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu6.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu6.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu6.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu6.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu6.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu6.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu6.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu6.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu6.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu6.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu7.committedInsts                    0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.atomicCpu7.committedOps                      0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.atomicCpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu7.dtb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu7.dtb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu7.idle_fraction                     1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu7.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.atomicCpu7.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.atomicCpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.atomicCpu7.itb.wrAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.atomicCpu7.itb.wrMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.atomicCpu7.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.atomicCpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.atomicCpu7.not_idle_fraction                 0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.atomicCpu7.numCycles                         0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.atomicCpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.atomicCpu7.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.atomicCpu7.num_busy_cycles                   0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.atomicCpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.atomicCpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.atomicCpu7.num_fp_insts                      0                       # number of float instructions
system.atomicCpu7.num_fp_register_reads             0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.atomicCpu7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.atomicCpu7.num_func_calls                    0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.atomicCpu7.num_idle_cycles                   0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.atomicCpu7.num_int_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.atomicCpu7.num_int_insts                     0                       # number of integer instructions
system.atomicCpu7.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.atomicCpu7.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.atomicCpu7.num_load_insts                    0                       # Number of load instructions
system.atomicCpu7.num_mem_refs                      0                       # number of memory refs
system.atomicCpu7.num_store_insts                   0                       # Number of store instructions
system.atomicCpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.atomicCpu7.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.atomicCpu7.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.atomicCpu7.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::No_OpClass              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::IntMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::IntDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdShift               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdAes                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdAesMix              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::SimdPredAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::MemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::MemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::IprAccess               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.op_class::total                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.atomicCpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                           333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 2464875746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 41012.666667                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41012.666667                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       738228                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       738228                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data        25060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 52887.694816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52887.694816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 57925.458824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57925.458824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       165390                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       165390                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data        23864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     63253683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63253683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.047725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     44312976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44312976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.030527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       992340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       992340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 99448.071429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99448.071429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           14                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      1392273                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1392273                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           14                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data        18345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 48956.123077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48956.123077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 48526.403599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48526.403599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data        17955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     19092888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19092888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.021259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     18876771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18876771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.021205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.data        43405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 51920.914880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51920.914880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 54757.146447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54757.146447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.data        41819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           41819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     82346571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     82346571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.036540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.data         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     63189747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63189747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.026587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.data        43421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 51466.606875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51466.606875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 41012.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 55292.825342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55076.094435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data 47254.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 47254.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.data        41821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          41821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     82346571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     82346571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.036849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.data         1600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data          432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       738228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     64582020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65320248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.026899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       992340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       992340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu0.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          279                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            5                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          284                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                   497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.492293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          348406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.002522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.data     0.131908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.data     0.000258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.017578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           348406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.134430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              43069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551627385                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.unused_prefetches                3                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst        12841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 63919.002320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63919.002320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 64940.931984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64940.931984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu0.inst        11117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          11117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst    110196360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110196360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.134257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu0.inst         1724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     80202051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80202051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.096176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst        12841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        12841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 63919.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63919.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 64940.931984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64940.931984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.inst        11117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           11117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst    110196360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110196360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.134257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.134257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     80202051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80202051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.096176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst        12841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        12841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 63919.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63919.002320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 64940.931984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64940.931984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.inst        11117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          11117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst    110196360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110196360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.134257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.134257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.inst         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst          489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     80202051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80202051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.096176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst         1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu0.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.001619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          103963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.inst     0.140030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.inst     0.000273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           103963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.140030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551308704                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side         3194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       158872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_count::total             162186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       125376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       329180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side         4288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pkt_size::total              458844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2069926                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1234097                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1095237                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          52947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        362637                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoopTraffic                  22720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.394314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3432     60.60%     60.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                2229     39.36%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   2      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1385                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2226                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3709                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2228                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.l2bus.snoops                         3547                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           38833                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          41273                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          38979                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         38979                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          212                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1023                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             9                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          206                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          172                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           243                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          241                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5184                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 69387.500000                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69387.500000                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       555100                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       555100                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            8                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 66972.508475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66972.508475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 66639.508475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66639.508475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     15805512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15805512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.979253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.979253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     15726924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15726924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.979253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       164058                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       164058                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       984348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       984348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst         1235                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 47596.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 86220.710526                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 71428.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 82901.831568                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 69145.439628                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77226.313523                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 47362.692308                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 85887.710526                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 71095.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 82568.831568                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68812.439628                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76930.075288                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu0.inst          291                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          436                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       713950                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3276387                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       428571                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     78259329                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     44667954                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    127346191                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.808511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.764372                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.829268                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.790887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          944                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       615715                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3263733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       426573                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     77944977                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     44452836                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126703834                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.722222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.764372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.829268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.789928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          944                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1647                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 19067.671233                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19067.671233                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 18734.671233                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18734.671233                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      2783880                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2783880                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.986486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          146                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          146                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      2735262                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2735262                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.986486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          146                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1022                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1022                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1022                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         1022                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 47596.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 86220.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 71428.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 82901.831568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68564.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75942.548011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 47362.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 85887.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 71095.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 82568.831568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68231.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75640.338821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total            441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       713950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3276387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       428571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     78259329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     60473466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    143151703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.808511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.764372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.864706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.810404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       615715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3263733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       426573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     77944977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     60179760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142430758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.722222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.764372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.864706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.data         1020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         2326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 47596.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 86220.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 71428.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 82901.831568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68564.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75942.548011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 47362.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 69387.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 85887.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 71095.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 82568.831568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68231.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75613.885775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data 46873.714286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46873.714286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.inst          291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.data          138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total           441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       713950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3276387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       428571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     78259329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     60473466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    143151703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.808511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.764372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.864706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.810404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.data          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       615715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       555100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3263733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       426573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     77944977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     60179760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142985858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.722222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.764372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.864706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       984348                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       984348                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu0.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           16                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified           16                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            1.966120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses          61217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.003476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.002024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.010296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.001739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.inst     0.244798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.data     0.213580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.inst     0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.data     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.005127                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.445068                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            1889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses           61217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           0.475913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs              3714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416551084262                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total          681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 71984.680851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 72760.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72072.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 71651.680851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 72427.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71739.509434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total          628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3383280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       436563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3819843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.087850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.041096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3367629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       434565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3802194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.087850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.041096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_accesses::total          681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 71984.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 72760.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72072.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 71651.680851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 72427.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71739.509434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_hits::total           628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3383280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       436563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total      3819843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.087850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.041096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3367629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       434565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3802194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.087850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.041096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.cpu0.mmucache.cpu_side          292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu0.mmucache.cpu_side         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total         1362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.cpu0.mmucache.cpu_side         1168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu0.mmucache.cpu_side         4280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total         5448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy       226773                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy        97236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy       356310                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic          896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples          828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0          828    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total          828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                147                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq          681                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp          681                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          133                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_accesses::total          681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 71984.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 72760.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72072.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 71651.680851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 72427.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71739.509434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_hits::total          628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3383280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       436563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total      3819843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.087850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.041096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker      3367629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       434565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3802194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.087850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.041096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.mmucache.replacements                  14                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          12.849057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.data_accesses          2777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.009440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.001450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.304688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs             53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses           2777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.010891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.total_refs              681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416551084928                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.mmucache.writebacks::total             14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu0.numCycles                     60932523315                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numExitSignal                       23803                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu0.numHalt                              9589                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu0.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu0.numIO                               67470                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu0.numInterrupts                       18408                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu0.numMMIO                             26515                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.numVMExits                         135334                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu0.numVMHalfEntries                        1                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  432045000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 74018.682927                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74018.682927                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     94077746                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94077746                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1271                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1271                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data        93403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 52583.773412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52583.773412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 58292.364621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58292.364621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data 224131.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224131.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data        87498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          87498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    310507182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310507182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.063221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data         5905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.data         3412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    145322865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145322865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.026691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         2493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data     20171808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20171808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          890                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          890                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 63267.939356                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63267.939356                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.913483                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.913483                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          813                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          813                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     51120495                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51120495                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.907865                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.907865                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          808                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data        65500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 58599.439589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58599.439589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 60220.331633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60220.331633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data        63944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         63944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     91180728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     91180728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.023756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data         1556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.data          184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     82622295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82622295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.020947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         1372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    26.529412                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets             17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          451                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.data       158903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       158903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 53838.347407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53838.347407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 58976.755498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58976.755498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.data       151442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          151442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    401687910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    401687910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.046953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.data         7461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          7461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.data         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    227945160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227945160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.024323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         3865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.data       159793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 48548.212473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48548.212473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 74018.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 59718.736358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62776.480653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       140082                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       140082                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.data       151519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         151519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    401687910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    401687910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.051779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.data         8274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.data         3596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     94077746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    279065655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    373143401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.029244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         4673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data     20171808                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20171808                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu1.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          144                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued         3184                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit          887                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified         4590                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          822                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                  5018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.313736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1284110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.019010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.data     0.114209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.data     0.000223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.089844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1284110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.133218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             157491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551393619                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.unused_prefetches              111                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         5018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             5018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst        80349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        80349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 59043.454328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59043.454328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 60239.316176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60239.316176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu1.inst        73244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          73244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    419503743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419503743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.088427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         7105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.inst         2073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    303124239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303124239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.062627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         5032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           43                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst        80349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        80349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 59043.454328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59043.454328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 60239.316176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60239.316176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.inst        73244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           73244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    419503743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    419503743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.088427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         7105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          7105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.inst         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    303124239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    303124239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.062627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         5032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst        80349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        80349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 59043.454328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59043.454328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 60239.316176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60239.316176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.inst        73244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          73244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    419503743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    419503743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.088427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         7105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         7105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.inst         2073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    303124239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    303124239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.062627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         5032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu1.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  4520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            15.555644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          647824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.inst     0.147793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.inst     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           647824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.147793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              78276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416552311700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         4520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        14584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        90286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_count::total             105338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       611328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       809722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        17152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pkt_size::total             1438202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13436381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        5028296                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5898426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         199800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        177156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoopTraffic                 294400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.159589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.366341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0               20997     84.05%     84.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                3985     15.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total           24983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           97                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9802                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3881                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        20801                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3882                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.l2bus.snoops                        13922                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8722                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          27862                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         27862                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4015                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10031                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq           491                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          251                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1349                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17021                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 65837.966234                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65837.966234                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     25347617                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25347617                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          385                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data         1194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72392.431319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72392.431319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72059.431319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72059.431319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data          102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total          102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     79052535                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79052535                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.914573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.914573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data         1092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     78688899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78688899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.914573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         1092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data 222799.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 222799.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data     20051928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20051928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1271                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         5032                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data         3294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 75816.120619                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker        88726                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 87635.853659                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 74240.769463                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 73129.546392                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74334.500881                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 78957.455338                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker        88393                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 87302.853659                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 73907.769463                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72796.546392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74358.995812                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.inst         1050                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data          675                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1828                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     93026380                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7186806                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3593070                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    295626744                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    191526282                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    590959282                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.965382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.609023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.854167                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.791335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.795082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.813050                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           81                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         3982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data         2619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          309                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          309                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     72482944                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7159833                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3579417                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    294300738                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    190654155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568177087                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.722266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.609023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.854167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.791335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.795082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          918                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           81                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         3982                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         2619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7641                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 16820.560976                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16820.560976                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 16487.560976                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16487.560976                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data      2068929                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2068929                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.719298                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.719298                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data      2027970                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2027970                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.719298                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719298                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         6692                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6692                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         6692                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         6692                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         5032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.data         4488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        10972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 75816.120619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker        88726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 87635.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 74240.769463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72912.642684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74099.957642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 78957.455338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker        88393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 87302.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 73907.769463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72579.642684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74071.451506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.data          777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total           1930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     93026380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7186806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3593070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    295626744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    270578817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    670011817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.965382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.609023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.854167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.791335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.826872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.824098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         3982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.data         3711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     72482944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7159833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3579417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    294300738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    269343054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646865986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.722266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.609023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.854167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.791335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.826872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         3982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         3711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         5032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.data         4488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        10972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 75816.120619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker        88726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 87635.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 74240.769463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72912.642684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74099.957642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 78957.455338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 65837.966234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker        88393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 87302.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 73907.769463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72579.642684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73723.799408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data 139249.500000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 139249.500000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher           44                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.inst         1050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.data          777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total          1930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     93026380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7186806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3593070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    295626744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    270578817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    670011817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.965382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.609023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.854167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.791335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.826872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.824098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           81                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         3982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.data         3711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total         9042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total          309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     72482944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     25347617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7159833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3579417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst    294300738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data    269343054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    672213603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.722266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.609023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.854167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.791335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.826872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.831024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst         3982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data         3711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data     20051928                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20051928                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu1.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          144                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          404                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          516                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          112                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.replacements                 4421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            2.226767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         340892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.043726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.129037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.045500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.005629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.001400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.inst     0.434028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.data     0.293496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.data     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.143311                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.715088                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            9340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          340892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           0.952817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs             20798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416551091588                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.unused_prefetches               6                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         4421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total            4421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         4444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 50964.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 75217.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56847.386139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 50395.470199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 74884.224490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56395.215000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         4291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total         5677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7797528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3685644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11483172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.034428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.034146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7609716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3669327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11279043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.033978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.034146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         4444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_accesses::total         5879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 50964.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 75217.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56847.386139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 50395.470199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 74884.224490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56395.215000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         4291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_hits::total          5677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7797528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3685644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total     11483172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.034428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.034146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_misses::total          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7609716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3669327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11279043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.033978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.034146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.port::system.cpu1.mmucache.cpu_side         2870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu1.mmucache.cpu_side         8888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total        11758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.port::system.cpu1.mmucache.cpu_side        11480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu1.mmucache.cpu_side        35552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total        47032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy      1957707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       955710                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy      2960368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic        10880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples         6267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0         6267    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total         6267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                388                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq         5879                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp         5879                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          167                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         4444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_accesses::total         5879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 50964.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 75217.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56847.386139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 50395.470199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 74884.224490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56395.215000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         4291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_hits::total         5677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7797528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3685644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total     11483172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.034428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.034146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_misses::total          202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      7609716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      3669327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11279043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.033978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.034146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.mmucache.replacements                  87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          29.385000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.data_accesses         23716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.016046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.008895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs            200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses          23716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.024941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.total_refs             5877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416551092254                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.mmucache.writebacks::total             87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu1.numCycles                     59952117435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numExitSignal                       22706                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu1.numHalt                             10439                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu1.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu1.numIO                               11941                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu1.numInterrupts                       18887                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu1.numMMIO                             24244                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.numVMExits                          77451                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu1.numVMHalfEntries                        1                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  402634941                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76493.666667                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76493.666667                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1606367                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1606367                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data        17928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 61503.377586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61503.377586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 73243.682396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73243.682396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data 229113.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229113.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu2.data        16768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          16768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     71343918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71343918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.064703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     40357269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40357269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.030734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8248077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8248077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data         7554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 52793.820000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52793.820000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 52460.820000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52460.820000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu2.data         7454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      5279382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5279382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.013238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      5246082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5246082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.013238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   127.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          382                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.data        25482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        25482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 60812.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60812.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 70051.230415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70051.230415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.data        24222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           24222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     76623300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     76623300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.049447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          1260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     45603351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45603351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.025547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.data        25482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        25482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 60812.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60812.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76493.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 70051.230415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70252.556548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data 135214.377049                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 135214.377049                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.data        24222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          24222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     76623300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     76623300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.049447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.data         1260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         1260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data          609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1606367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     45603351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47209718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.025547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8248077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8248077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu2.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           44                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit           80                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          152                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          204                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                   125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.161950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          204492                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.003821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.data     0.110678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.data     0.000216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           204492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.114498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              24907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551676336                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.unused_prefetches                9                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst        17884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 63493.683318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63493.683318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 64566.144802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64566.144802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu2.inst        15642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          15642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    142352838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142352838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.125363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    104338890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104338890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.090360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst        17884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        17884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 63493.683318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63493.683318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 64566.144802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64566.144802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.inst        15642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           15642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    142352838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142352838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.125363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    104338890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104338890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.090360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst        17884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        17884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 63493.683318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63493.683318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 64566.144802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64566.144802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.inst        15642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          15642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    142352838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142352838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.125363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         2242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst          626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    104338890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104338890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.090360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu2.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.679455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          144688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.inst     0.144721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.inst     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           144688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.144721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              17258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551308704                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             1104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side         4336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side        68238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side          226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_count::total              72800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side       174080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side       156825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2cache.cpu_side         8128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pkt_size::total              339033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2079584                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1614384                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         679985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          98901                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy         57609                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   3328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.408174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.491527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4692     59.18%     59.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                3236     40.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1293                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3236                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3644                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3236                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.l2bus.snoops                         5549                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            7933                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10270                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          25417                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         25417                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           31                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1226                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          267                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           53                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            67                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           66                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7525                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 73353.428571                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73353.428571                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       513474                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       513474                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 81333.789474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81333.789474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 81000.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81000.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      4636026                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4636026                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.890625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      4617045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4617045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.890625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data       227772                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227772                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8199792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8199792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst         1616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 75781.238095                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        87431                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 84807.580645                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 82297.840744                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 77067.922631                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80961.430108                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 79998.294118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        87098                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 84474.580645                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 81964.840744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 76734.922631                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80681.270474                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.inst          379                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          427                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1591406                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4721274                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2629035                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    101802429                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     39844116                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    150588260                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.805970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.765470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.938294                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.813293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1237                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data          517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1860                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1359971                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4703292                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2618712                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    101390508                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     39671955                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149744438                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.809524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.805970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.765470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.938294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1237                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          517                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1856                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        14356                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14356                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        14023                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14023                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data       516816                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       516816                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data       504828                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       504828                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1226                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1226                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1226                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         1226                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks           31                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           31                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks           31                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total           31                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 75781.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        87431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 84807.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 82297.840744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 77491.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80972.501826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 79998.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        87098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 84474.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 81964.840744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 77158.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80690.790904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_hits::total            434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1591406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4721274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2629035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    101802429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     44480142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    155224286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.805970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.765470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.815398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.data          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_misses::total         1917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1359971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4703292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2618712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    101390508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     44289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154361483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.809524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.805970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.765470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst         1616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         2351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 75781.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        87431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 84807.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 82297.840744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 77491.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80972.501826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 79998.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 73353.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        87098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 84474.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 81964.840744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 77158.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80664.040104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data 134422.819672                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 134422.819672                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.inst          379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.data           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_hits::total           434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1591406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4721274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2629035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    101802429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     44480142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    155224286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.805970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.765470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.815398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.data          574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_misses::total         1917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher      1359971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       513474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4703292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2618712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst    101390508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     44289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154874957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.809524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.805970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.765470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8199792                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8199792                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu2.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            8                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            8                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          104                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            1.899479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.data_accesses          60224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.004718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher     0.001918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.014708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.008562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.inst     0.323155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.data     0.121245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.005859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.434814                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            1920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses           60224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           0.474307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.total_refs              3647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416551084262                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 72946.880597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 83603.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76391.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 72613.880597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 83270.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76058.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total         1568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4887441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2675322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7562763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.056780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.065708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4865130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2664666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7529796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.056780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.065708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_accesses::total         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 72946.880597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 83603.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76391.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 72613.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 83270.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76058.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_hits::total          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4887441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2675322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total      7562763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.056780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.065708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4865130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2664666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7529796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.056780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.065708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.port::system.cpu2.mmucache.cpu_side          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu2.mmucache.cpu_side         2360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.port::system.cpu2.mmucache.cpu_side         3896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu2.mmucache.cpu_side         9440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total        13336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy       555111                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       324342                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy       785880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic         1792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples         1825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0         1825    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total         1825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                158                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq         1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp         1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           28                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          130                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_accesses::total         1667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 72946.880597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 83603.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76391.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 72613.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 83270.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76058.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_hits::total         1568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4887441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2675322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total      7562763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.056780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.065708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      4865130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker      2664666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7529796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.056780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.065708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.mmucache.replacements                  28                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          16.838384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.data_accesses          6767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.012933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.006704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.554688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs             99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses           6767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.019637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.total_refs             1667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416551084928                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.mmucache.writebacks::total             28                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu2.numCycles                     59810257468                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numExitSignal                       20858                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu2.numHalt                              9800                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu2.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu2.numIO                                9451                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu2.numInterrupts                       18173                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu2.numMMIO                             23583                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.numVMExits                          71858                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu2.numVMHalfEntries                        1                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  283290400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 67200.395833                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67200.395833                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     32256190                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32256190                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          480                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          480                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data        79646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        79646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 42854.278499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42854.278499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 46047.335585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46047.335585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data 227370.826772                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227370.826772                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data        75409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    181573578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    181573578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.053198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data         4237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.data         1868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    109086138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109086138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.029744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data     86628285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86628285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          241                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          241                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 75153.830769                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75153.830769                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.821577                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.821577                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          198                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          198                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     14654997                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14654997                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.809129                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809129                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          195                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data        38967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 37895.245655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37895.245655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 37895.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37895.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data        38104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     32703597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32703597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.022147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     30505797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30505797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.020659                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020659                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.data       118613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       118613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 42015.132353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42015.132353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 43979.815690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43979.815690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.data       113513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          113513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    214277175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214277175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.042997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.data         5100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          5100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    139591935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139591935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.026759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data         3174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.data       118854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       118854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 40444.917894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40444.917894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 67200.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 45784.188780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48454.955053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data 158080.812044                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158080.812044                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.data       113556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         113556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    214277175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214277175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.044576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.data         5298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         5298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.data         1926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     32256190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    154246932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186503122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.028346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data     86628285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86628285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu3.data          548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          851                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit          276                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified         1244                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          312                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                  2652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.887864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          954301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.005336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.data     0.120639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.data     0.000236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.031250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           954301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.125975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             117557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416869218143                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.unused_prefetches               93                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst        71030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 42283.271391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42283.271391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 40783.374789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40783.374789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu3.inst        64567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          64567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    273276783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273276783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.090990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         6463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.inst         1719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    193476330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193476330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.066789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         4744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst        71030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        71030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 42283.271391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42283.271391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 40783.374789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40783.374789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.inst        64567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           64567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    273276783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    273276783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.090990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         6463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          6463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.inst         1719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    193476330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193476330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.066789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         4744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst        71030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        71030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 42283.271391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42283.271391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 40783.374789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40783.374789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.inst        64567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          64567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    273276783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    273276783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.090990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         6463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         6463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.inst         1719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    193476330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193476330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.066789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         4744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu3.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  4232                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            14.610245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          572984                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.inst     0.139516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.inst     0.000272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           572984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.139516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              69311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416869828865                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         4232                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4232                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side        13720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side        78817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side          395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_count::total              92932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side       574464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side       520031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2cache.cpu_side        13312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pkt_size::total             1107807                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10116490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4740916                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3904086                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         182817                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        462190                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoopTraffic                 106112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         18169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.182344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.386992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0               14862     81.80%     81.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                3301     18.17%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   6      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total           18169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          126                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7311                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3167                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        15730                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3173                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.l2bus.snoops                         9511                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8169                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16497                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          25773                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         25773                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1691                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6477                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq           185                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1216                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          600                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           491                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          454                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14513                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 69009.856164                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69009.856164                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     10075439                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10075439                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          146                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 66256.400531                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66256.400531                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 65923.400531                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65923.400531                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     24978663                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24978663                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.887059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.887059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     24853122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24853122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.887059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data 226037.952756                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226037.952756                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data     86120460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86120460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst         4744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data         2556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 70934.095982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 58643.520000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        69264                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 66732.616003                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 59010.121495                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64014.402642                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 73176.854599                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 58310.520000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        68931                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 66399.616003                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 58677.121495                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63700.663519                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.inst         2007                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data          523                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     31778475                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4398264                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       484848                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    182647170                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    119967577                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    339276334                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.630252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.437500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.576939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.795383                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.669615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          448                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         2737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2033                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5300                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          111                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          111                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     24660600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4373289                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       482517                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    181735749                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    119290588                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    330542743                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.702083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.630252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.576939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.795383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          337                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         2737                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2033                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5189                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          374                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          374                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 13884.742947                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13884.742947                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 13726.072100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13726.072100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           55                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      4429233                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4429233                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.852941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.852941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          319                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          319                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      4378617                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4378617                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.852941                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852941                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          319                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         5680                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5680                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         5680                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         5680                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst         4744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.data         2981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 70934.095982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 58643.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        69264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 66732.616003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 60143.668050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64163.289942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 73176.854599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 58310.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        68931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 66399.616003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 59810.668050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63851.215415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.inst         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_hits::total           2663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     31778475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4398264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       484848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    182647170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    144946240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    364254997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.630252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.437500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.576939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.808454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.680695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_misses::total         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     24660600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4373289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       482517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    181735749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    144143710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355395865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.702083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.630252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.576939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.808454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.667386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst         4744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.data         2981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         8340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 70934.095982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 58643.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        69264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 66732.616003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 60143.668050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64163.289942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 73176.854599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 69009.856164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 58310.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        68931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 66399.616003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 59810.668050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63983.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data 157154.124088                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157154.124088                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           32                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.inst         2007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.data          571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_hits::total          2663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     31778475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4398264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       484848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    182647170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    144946240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    364254997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.630252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.437500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.576939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.808454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.680695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         2737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_misses::total         5677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total          111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     24660600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     10075439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4373289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       482517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst    181735749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data    144143710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365471304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.702083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.630252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.576939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.808454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst         2737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data         2410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data     86120460                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86120460                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu3.data          548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          155                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          192                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          128                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.replacements                 1216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            2.708110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         255863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.012583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.025716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.016357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.009266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.000348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.inst     0.642870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.data     0.297590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.inst     0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.data     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.033691                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.883789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            5783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          255863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           1.004730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.total_refs             15661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416868928100                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         1216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2cache.writebacks::total            1216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         2872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 34246.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 15344.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30364.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 33100.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 15011.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29344.032787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         2725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total         3641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      5034294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       583083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5617377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.051184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.039832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4799529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       570429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5369958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.050487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.039832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         2872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_accesses::total         3826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 34246.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 15344.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30364.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 33100.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 15011.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29344.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_hits::total          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      5034294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       583083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total      5617377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.051184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.039832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_misses::total          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4799529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       570429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5369958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.050487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.039832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.port::system.cpu3.mmucache.cpu_side         1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu3.mmucache.cpu_side         5744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total         7652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.port::system.cpu3.mmucache.cpu_side         7632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu3.mmucache.cpu_side        22976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total        30608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy      1274058                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       635364                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy      1913416                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic         6400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples         4152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0         4152    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total         4152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                326                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq         3826                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp         3826                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           81                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           72                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          153                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         2872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_accesses::total         3826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 34246.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 15344.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30364.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 33100.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 15011.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29344.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         2725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_hits::total         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      5034294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       583083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total      5617377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.051184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.039832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_misses::total          185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      4799529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       570429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5369958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.050487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.039832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.mmucache.replacements                  68                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          20.896175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.data_accesses         15487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.011267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.000702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.328125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs            183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses          15487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.011969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.total_refs             3824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416868928766                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.mmucache.writebacks::total             68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu3.numCycles                     59816418980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numExitSignal                       20493                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu3.numHalt                              9724                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu3.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu3.numIO                               10104                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu3.numInterrupts                       17897                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu3.numMMIO                             23291                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.numVMExits                          71558                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu3.numVMHalfEntries                        0                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.committedInsts                  447499894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 46665.800485                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46665.800485                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    230855715                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230855715                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         4947                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total         4947                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data      6229961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6229961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 36293.953241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36293.953241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 29915.232526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29915.232526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       165168                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       165168                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data      6208211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6208211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    789393483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    789393483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.003491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data        21750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.data        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    260651421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260651421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.001399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         8713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data      2312352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2312352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          872                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          872                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 63911.916551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63911.916551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          148                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          148                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.830275                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.830275                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     45952668                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45952668                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.824541                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824541                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          719                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data       135413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       135413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 24906.534021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24906.534021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 24768.959016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24768.959016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data       130666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        130666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    118231317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    118231317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.035056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data         4747                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4747                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    111807081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111807081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.033335                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033335                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         4514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            3                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    83.312500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets             16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1333                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.data      6365374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6365374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 34253.870249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34253.870249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 28158.955319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28158.955319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.data      6338877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         6338877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    907624800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    907624800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.004163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.data        26497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         26497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.data        13270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    372458502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372458502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.002078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data        13227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.data      6366246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6366246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 33342.816208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33342.816208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 46665.800485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 30002.235049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34365.473191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data 40567.578947                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 40567.578947                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.data      6339025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        6339025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    907624800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    907624800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.004276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.data        27221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        27221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.data        13270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    230855715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    418411170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649266885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.002191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         4947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data        13946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data      2312352                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2312352                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu4.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued        17604                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit         4906                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified        24253                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage         1939                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.replacements                 15413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           389.824402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        50946278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.017677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.data     0.106751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.data     0.000208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.078125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         50946278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.124428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            6358036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19417057445727                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.unused_prefetches              732                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        15413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            15413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst       228533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       228533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 31686.013091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31686.013091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 29352.361078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29352.361078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu4.inst       206763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         206763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    689804505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    689804505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.095260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu4.inst        21770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.inst         4962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    493354485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493354485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.073547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst        16808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst       228533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       228533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 31686.013091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31686.013091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 29352.361078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29352.361078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.inst       206763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          206763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    689804505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    689804505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.095260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.inst        21770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         21770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.inst         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    493354485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    493354485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.073547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst       228533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       228533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 31686.013091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31686.013091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 29352.361078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29352.361078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.inst       206763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         206763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    689804505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    689804505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.095260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.inst        21770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        21770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.inst         4962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    493354485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    493354485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.073547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst        16808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu4.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.replacements                 16296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.301464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         1845072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.inst     0.133046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.inst     0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1845072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.133046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             223571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19417058230275                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        16296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total            16296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.cpu4.l2cache.cpu_side        49912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu4.l2cache.cpu_side       130597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu4.l2cache.cpu_side         1038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_count::total             181547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.cpu4.l2cache.cpu_side      2118656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu4.l2cache.cpu_side      2172464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu4.l2cache.cpu_side        38272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pkt_size::total             4329392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        44140192                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       16801484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17209424                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         439225                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        589406                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoopTraffic                 894272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         54440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.052939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.224896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0               51570     94.73%     94.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                2858      5.25%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  12      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total           54440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          283                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        34563                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2555                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        68183                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2567                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu4.l2bus.snoops                        19055                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8888                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          40953                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          29385                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         29385                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12322                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        32973                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq          1352                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3080                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2897                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2056                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2003                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        34563                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 58300.368941                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58300.368941                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     64946611                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64946611                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher         1114                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1114                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 57190.259055                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57190.259055                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 56857.259055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56857.259055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          668                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total          668                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     72631629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72631629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.655315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.655315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     72208719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72208719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.655315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       163836                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       163836                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data      2293704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2293704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         4947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          290                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst        16808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         9404                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        31489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 56863.764541                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 64789.514563                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74685.240000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69842.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 55112.696793                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61660.180115                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 56773.054332                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 64456.514563                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74352.240000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69509.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 54779.696793                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61517.579372                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1027                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          187                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.inst        10472                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data         4259                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        15960                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    222905957                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      6673320                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      1867131                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    442519704                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    283554825                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    957520937                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.792399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.355172                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.376963                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.547108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493156                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         6336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data         5145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    198535371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      6639021                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      1858806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    440409816                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    281841540                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    929284554                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.706893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.355172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.376963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.547108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3497                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         6336                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         5145                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        15106                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         2646                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2646                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 16853.262266                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16853.262266                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 16552.939836                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16552.939836                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          934                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          934                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     28852785                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     28852785                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.647014                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.647014                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     28338633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28338633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.647014                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647014                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1712                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1712                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        23784                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total        23784                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        23784                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total        23784                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           10                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst        16808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.data        11342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        33427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 56863.764541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 64789.514563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74685.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69842.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 55523.999065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61322.255253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 56773.054332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 64456.514563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74352.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69509.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 55190.999065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61156.159807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.inst        10472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_hits::total          16628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    222905957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      6673320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      1867131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    442519704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    356186454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1030152566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.792399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.355172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.376963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.565597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.502558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         6336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.data         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_misses::total        16799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    198535371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      6639021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      1858806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    440409816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    354050259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001493273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.706893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.355172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.376963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.565597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         6336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         4947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst        16808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.data        11342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        33427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 56863.764541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 64789.514563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74685.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69842.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 55523.999065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61322.255253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 56773.054332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 58300.368941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 64456.514563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74352.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69509.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 55190.999065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60974.264380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data 40240.421053                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 40240.421053                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.inst        10472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.data         4927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_hits::total         16628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    222905957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      6673320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      1867131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    442519704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    356186454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1030152566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.792399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.355172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.376963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.565597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.502558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         6336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.data         6415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_misses::total        16799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total          423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher    198535371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     64946611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      6639021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      1858806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    440409816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data    354050259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066439884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.706893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.355172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.376963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.565597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         6336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data      2293704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2293704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu4.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued         1571                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit           11                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified         1700                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          276                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.l2cache.replacements                13332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            3.829727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        1105578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.048791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.136542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.055353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.006203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.001192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.inst     0.460701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.data     0.312057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.data     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.155273                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841309                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           17930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         1105578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           1.020839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.total_refs             68667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19417056809697                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l2cache.unused_prefetches              25                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu4.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        13332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l2cache.writebacks::total           13332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker        13323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker         1021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 21935.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 30782.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23256.509050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 21260.358289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 30881.907692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.961276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker        12947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total        13902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      8247744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      2031633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10279377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.028222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.064643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      7951374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      2007324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9958698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.028072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.063663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker        13323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_accesses::total        14344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 21935.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 30782.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23256.509050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 21260.358289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 30881.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.961276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker        12947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_hits::total         13902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      8247744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      2031633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total     10279377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.028222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.064643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_misses::total          442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      7951374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      2007324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9958698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.028072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.063663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.port::system.cpu4.mmucache.cpu_side         2042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu4.mmucache.cpu_side        26646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total        28688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.port::system.cpu4.mmucache.cpu_side         8168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu4.mmucache.cpu_side       106584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total       114752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy      4776552                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       680650                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy      8873782                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic        23488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples        14991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0        14991    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total        14991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                647                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq        14344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp        14344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           95                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          272                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           87                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          190                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker        13323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker         1021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_accesses::total        14344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 21935.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 30782.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23256.509050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 21260.358289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 30881.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.961276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker        12947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_hits::total        13902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      8247744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      2031633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total     10279377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.028222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.064643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_misses::total          442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      7951374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker      2007324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9958698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.028072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.063663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker          374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           65                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.mmucache.replacements                 254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          32.667426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.data_accesses         57815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.017298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.004653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs            439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses          57815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.021952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.total_refs            14341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19417056810363                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks          254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.mmucache.writebacks::total            254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu4.numCycles                     59959653855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numExitSignal                       21137                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu4.numHalt                              9801                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu4.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu4.numIO                               14152                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu4.numInterrupts                       18371                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu4.numMMIO                             24066                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.numVMExits                          77407                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu4.numVMHalfEntries                        0                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.committedInsts                  619894537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 42711.417722                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42711.417722                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      3374202                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3374202                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           79                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data      8065964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8065964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 36050.305046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36050.305046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 40691.488389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40691.488389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data 226604.783505                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226604.783505                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data      8063348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8063348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     94307598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94307598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data         2616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.data         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     56072871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56072871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data     43961328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     43961328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 79836.750000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79836.750000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data       638694                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       638694                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data      1353952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1353952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 29653.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29653.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 28507.260970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28507.260970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data      1353512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1353512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13047606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13047606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12343644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12343644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    37.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.data      9419916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9419916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 35129.320681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35129.320681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 37778.307565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37778.307565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.data      9416860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         9416860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data    107355204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107355204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.data         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          3056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.data         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     68416515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68416515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.data      9419926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9419926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 35037.599217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35037.599217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 42711.417722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 37963.281473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38160.912013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data 159280.173913                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159280.173913                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.data      9416862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        9416862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data    107355204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107355204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.data         3064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         3064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.data         1245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      3374202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     69055209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72429411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data     43961328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     43961328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu5.data          276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          190                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit           64                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          287                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage           49                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.replacements                   912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          5660.346755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        75361072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.006536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.data     0.130956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.data     0.000256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.048828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         75361072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.137492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs            9418817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416580691292                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.unused_prefetches               36                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst      6713775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6713775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 48994.344613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48994.344613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 49030.717898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49030.717898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu5.inst      6708958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6708958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    236005758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236005758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         4817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.inst         1258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    174500325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174500325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         3559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst      6713775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total      6713775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 48994.344613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48994.344613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 49030.717898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49030.717898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.inst      6708958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total         6708958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    236005758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    236005758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         4817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          4817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.inst         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    174500325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    174500325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         3559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst      6713775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total      6713775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 48994.344613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48994.344613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 49030.717898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49030.717898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.inst      6708958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total        6708958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    236005758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    236005758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         4817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         4817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.inst         1258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    174500325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    174500325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         3559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu5.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.replacements                  3047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          1886.068278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        53713759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.inst     0.146570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         53713759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.146570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            6712517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416581312004                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         3047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             3047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.cpu5.l2cache.cpu_side        10165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu5.l2cache.cpu_side        72930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu5.l2cache.cpu_side          340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_count::total              83435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.cpu5.l2cache.cpu_side       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu5.l2cache.cpu_side       283589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu5.l2cache.cpu_side        12672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pkt_size::total              719045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5998989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3555773                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1899426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         142190                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        270392                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoopTraffic                  27904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         13037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.310578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.464072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8996     69.00%     69.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                4033     30.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   8      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total           13037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4255                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4017                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         9618                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4025                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu5.l2bus.snoops                         7518                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8474                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13853                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          25457                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         25457                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          283                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3942                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            27                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          601                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          366                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           218                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          212                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11707                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 39322.909091                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39322.909091                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       865104                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       865104                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher           22                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 52096.627119                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52096.627119                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 51761.745763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51761.745763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      9221103                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9221103                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.898477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.898477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      9161829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9161829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.898477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data 225272.783505                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225272.783505                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data     43702920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     43702920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           79                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst         3559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data         1387                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5165                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 51403.523810                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 58070.760000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 26629.593750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69552.250104                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 45645.572139                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61046.979403                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 51663.381818                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 57737.760000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 26296.593750                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69219.250104                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 45312.572139                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60743.022757                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.inst         1148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data          181                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1378                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      3238422                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4355307                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       852147                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    167690475                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     55048560                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    231184911                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.797468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.707547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.677437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.869503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.733204                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         2411                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      2841486                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4330332                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       841491                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    166887612                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     54646962                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229547883                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.696203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.707547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.677437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.869503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.731655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         2411                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 12768.771845                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12768.771845                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 12437.388350                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12437.388350                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      2630367                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2630367                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.869198                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.869198                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      2562102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2562102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.869198                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869198                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         3741                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3741                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         3741                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         3741                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          269                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          269                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          269                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          269                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst         3559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.data         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         5362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 51403.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 58070.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 26629.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69552.250104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 46471.195228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60647.329465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 51663.381818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 57737.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 26296.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69219.250104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 46137.954447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60341.180991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.inst         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_hits::total           1398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      3238422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4355307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       852147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    167690475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     64269663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    240406014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.797468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.707547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.941176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.677437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.873106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.739276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_misses::total         3964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      2841486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4330332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       841491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    166887612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     63808791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238709712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.696203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.707547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.677437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.873106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst         3559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.data         1584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         5362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 51403.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 58070.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 26629.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69552.250104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 46471.195228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60647.329465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 51663.381818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 39322.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 57737.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 26296.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69219.250104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 46137.954447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60224.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data 158343.913043                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158343.913043                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.inst         1148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.data          201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_hits::total          1398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      3238422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4355307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       852147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    167690475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     64269663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    240406014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.797468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.707547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.941176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.677437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.873106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.739276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         2411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_misses::total         3964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher      2841486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       865104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4330332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       841491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst    166887612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     63808791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239574816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.696203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.707547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.677437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.873106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst         2411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data         1383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data     43702920                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     43702920                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu5.data          276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           28                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified           33                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage           15                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.l2cache.replacements                  208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            2.415056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         157729                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.002234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.011776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.005096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.016327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.006492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.inst     0.551602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.data     0.256944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.inst     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.data     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.017822                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.829346                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            3985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          157729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           0.850472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.total_refs              9624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416580303014                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l2cache.writebacks::total             208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 44255.394495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 25761.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39663.744828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 43050.364486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 25583.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38745.253521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total         2075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4823838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       927405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5751243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.058195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.103746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4606389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       895437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5501826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.057128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.100865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_accesses::total         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 44255.394495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 25761.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39663.744828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 43050.364486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 25583.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38745.253521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_hits::total          2075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4823838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       927405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total      5751243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.058195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.103746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_misses::total          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4606389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       895437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5501826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.057128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.100865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.port::system.cpu5.mmucache.cpu_side          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu5.mmucache.cpu_side         3746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total         4440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.port::system.cpu5.mmucache.cpu_side         2776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu5.mmucache.cpu_side        14984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total        17760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy       739260                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       231102                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy      1248082                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic         4416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples         2455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0         2455    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total         2455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                235                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq         2220                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp         2220                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           69                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          162                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_accesses::total         2220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 44255.394495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 25761.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39663.744828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 43050.364486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 25583.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38745.253521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_hits::total         2075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4823838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       927405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total      5751243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.058195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.103746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_misses::total          145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      4606389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       895437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5501826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.057128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.100865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.mmucache.replacements                  58                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          15.612676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.data_accesses          9022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.014059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.006107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs            142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses           9022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.020166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.total_refs             2217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416580303680                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.mmucache.writebacks::total             58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu5.numCycles                     59844756704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numExitSignal                       20781                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu5.numHalt                              9801                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu5.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu5.numIO                               10224                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu5.numInterrupts                       17317                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu5.numMMIO                             23176                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu5.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.numVMExits                          71210                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu5.numVMHalfEntries                        0                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.committedInsts                  357045335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 58921.055556                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.055556                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher      1060579                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1060579                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data        16294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        16294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 50197.343931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50197.343931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 60224.312274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60224.312274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       165390                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       165390                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu6.data        15256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          15256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     52104843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52104843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.063704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data          484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     33364269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33364269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.034000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       992340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       992340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data         8669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 41056.680000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41056.680000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 40723.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40723.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu6.data         8444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      9237753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9237753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.025955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data          225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      9162828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9162828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.025955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    83.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.data        24963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        24963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 48568.959620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48568.959620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 54591.908858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54591.908858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.data        23700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           23700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     61342596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     61342596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.050595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     42527097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42527097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.031206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.data        24963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        24963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 48568.959620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48568.959620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 58921.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 54591.908858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54689.681305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data 45106.363636                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 45106.363636                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.data        23700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          23700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     61342596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     61342596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.050595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.data         1263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         1263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data          484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher      1060579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     42527097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43587676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.031206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       992340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       992340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu6.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          201                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            4                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          205                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            3                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.replacements                   108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.340237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          200380                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.003008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.data     0.111919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.data     0.000219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           200380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.114927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs              24566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551627052                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.unused_prefetches                1                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst        12141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 52756.342452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52756.342452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 51851.315476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51851.315476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu6.inst        10094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          10094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst    107992233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107992233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.168602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu6.inst         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     78399189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78399189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst         1512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst        12141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        12141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 52756.342452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52756.342452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 51851.315476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51851.315476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.inst        10094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           10094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst    107992233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107992233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.168602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     78399189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78399189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst        12141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        12141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 52756.342452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52756.342452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 51851.315476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51851.315476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.inst        10094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          10094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst    107992233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107992233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.168602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.inst         2047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         2047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     78399189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78399189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst         1512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu6.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.replacements                  1000                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.675926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses           98640                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.inst     0.140307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.inst     0.000274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses            98640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.140307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              11606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551308704                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             1000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.cpu6.l2cache.cpu_side         4024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu6.l2cache.cpu_side        70206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu6.l2cache.cpu_side          142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_count::total              74372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.cpu6.l2cache.cpu_side       160768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu6.l2cache.cpu_side       166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu6.l2cache.cpu_side         5184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pkt_size::total              332288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1929399                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1510488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         726269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          60939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        204462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoopTraffic                  11648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7847                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.523512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3740     47.66%     47.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                4106     52.33%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7847                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1251                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4102                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3498                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4103                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu6.l2bus.snoops                         5705                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8470                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10792                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          25657                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         25657                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           34                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1094                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          305                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          189                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           111                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7397                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 69628.900000                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69628.900000                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       696289                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       696289                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 69542.038835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69542.038835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 69209.038835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69209.038835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7162830                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7162830                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.990385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.990385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7128531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7128531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.990385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       164058                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       164058                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       984348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       984348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 58293.388889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 86062.973684                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 74675.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 79144.750789                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 63406.283784                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73730.064579                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 56490.928571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 85729.973684                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 74342.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 78811.750789                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 63073.283784                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73423.993460                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu6.inst          561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu6.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher      1049281                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3270393                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       597402                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     75266658                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     32844455                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    113028189                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.716981                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.628968                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.935018                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714685                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          951                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1533                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       790873                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3257739                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       594738                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     74949975                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     32671961                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112265286                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.716981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.628968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.935018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          951                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1529                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 15340.200000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15340.200000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 15007.200000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15007.200000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1840824                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1840824                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.991736                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991736                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1800864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1800864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.991736                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991736                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1092                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1092                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1092                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         1092                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 58293.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 86062.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 74675.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 79144.750789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 64423.969404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73466.393032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 56490.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 85729.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 74342.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 78811.750789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 64090.969404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73157.976103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.inst          561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_hits::total            613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher      1049281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3270393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       597402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     75266658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     40007285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    120191019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.716981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.628968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.943769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.727434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_misses::total         1636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       790873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3257739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       594738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     74949975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     39800492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119393817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.716981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.628968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.943769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst         1512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         2249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 58293.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 86062.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 74675.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 79144.750789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 64423.969404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73466.393032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 56490.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 69628.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 85729.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 74342.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 78811.750789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 64090.969404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73136.483557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data 44743.090909                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 44743.090909                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.inst          561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.data           37                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_hits::total           613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher      1049281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3270393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       597402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     75266658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     40007285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    120191019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.716981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.628968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.943769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.727434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.data          621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_misses::total         1636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       790873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       696289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3257739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       594738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     74949975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     39800492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120090106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.716981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.628968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.943769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       984348                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       984348                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu6.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           15                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified           17                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            3                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.l2cache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            2.132765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.data_accesses          57578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.002108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher     0.002619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.010402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.002320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.inst     0.250789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.data     0.128618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.inst     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.data     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.004639                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.361328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            1642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses           57578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           0.396855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.total_refs              3502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416551083929                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 64627.132075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 76007.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66119.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 64294.132075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 75674.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65786.606557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total          932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3425238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       608058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4033296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.070199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.033613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3407589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       605394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4012983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.070199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.033613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_accesses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 64627.132075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 76007.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66119.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 64294.132075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 75674.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65786.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_hits::total           932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3425238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       608058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total      4033296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.070199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.033613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3407589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       605394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4012983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.070199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.033613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.port::system.cpu6.mmucache.cpu_side          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu6.mmucache.cpu_side         1510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.port::system.cpu6.mmucache.cpu_side         1904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu6.mmucache.cpu_side         6040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total         7944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy       330669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       158508                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy       502830                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic         1280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples         1173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0         1173    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total         1173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                180                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq          993                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp          993                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          160                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_accesses::total          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 64627.132075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 76007.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66119.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 64294.132075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 75674.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65786.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_hits::total          932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3425238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       608058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total      4033296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.070199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.033613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker      3407589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       605394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4012983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.070199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.033613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.mmucache.replacements                  20                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          16.278689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.data_accesses          4033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.010428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.000926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.320312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs             61                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses           4033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.011354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.total_refs              993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416551084595                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.mmucache.writebacks::total             20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu6.numCycles                     59827782668                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numExitSignal                       20481                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu6.numHalt                              9579                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu6.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu6.numIO                               10644                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu6.numInterrupts                       17666                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu6.numMMIO                             23207                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu6.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.numVMExits                          71695                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu6.numVMHalfEntries                        1                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.committedInsts                  342207082                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 36393.925926                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36393.925926                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       982636                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       982636                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data        28777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 37272.745810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37272.745810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 45483.079734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45483.079734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data 208023.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208023.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data        26987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     66718215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66718215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.062202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     41071221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41071221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.031379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data      4784544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4784544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        78255                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78255                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        78255                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78255                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data        11288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 29071.345982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29071.345982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 28231.755102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28231.755102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data        10840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     13023963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13023963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.039688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     12450204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12450204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.039068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    78.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.data        40065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        40065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        35631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        35631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 39822.488839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39822.488839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.data        37827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           37827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     79742178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     79742178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.055859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.data         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     53521425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53521425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.033545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.data        40066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        40066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 35615.086199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35615.086199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 36393.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 39851.063197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39783.029155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data 111268.465116                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 111268.465116                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.data        37827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          37827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     79742178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     79742178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.055883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.data         2239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         2239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data          894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       982636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     53599680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54582316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.033570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data         1345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data      4784544                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4784544                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu7.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          238                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit          102                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          384                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.replacements                   432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.523726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          321666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.004107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.data     0.121447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.data     0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.029297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           321666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            0.125555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              39288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551676003                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.unused_prefetches                5                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst        17559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 46827.615900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46827.615900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 45295.422365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45295.422365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu7.inst        14125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          14125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    160806033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160806033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.195569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.195569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    119896983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119896983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.150749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         2647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst        17559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        17559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 46827.615900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46827.615900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 45295.422365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45295.422365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.inst        14125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           14125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    160806033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160806033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.195569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.195569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         3434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          3434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    119896983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119896983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.150749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst        17559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        17559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 46827.615900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46827.615900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 45295.422365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45295.422365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.inst        14125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          14125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    160806033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160806033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.195569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         3434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         3434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst          787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    119896983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119896983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.150749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         2647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.pfIdentified            0                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.pfInCache             0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu7.icache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.replacements                  2135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs             6.336230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          143119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.inst     0.140421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.inst     0.000274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           143119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse            0.140421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              16772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     19416551308371                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         2135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             2135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.cpu7.l2cache.cpu_side         7429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu7.l2cache.cpu_side        81691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu7.l2cache.cpu_side          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_count::total              89374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.cpu7.l2cache.cpu_side       306048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu7.l2cache.cpu_side       225869                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.mmucache.mem_side::system.cpu7.l2cache.cpu_side         9280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pkt_size::total              541197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3998658                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization           0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2644353                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1239421                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         109223                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy        284049                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoopTraffic                  15616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean         0.392028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                5557     60.85%     60.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                3570     39.09%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   5      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3563                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         6734                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3568                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu7.l2bus.snoops                         5341                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            9467                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13378                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          29596                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         29596                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2436                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          515                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          385                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           221                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          218                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8336                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher 71022.571429                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71022.571429                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       497158                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       497158                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 49132.319372                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49132.319372                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 48799.319372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48799.319372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9384273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9384273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.922705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.922705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9320670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9320670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.922705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data 206691.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206691.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data      4753908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4753908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst         2647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3687                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 35458.259259                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 62577.571429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 24142.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 80225.446252                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 50385.907035                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68313.303863                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 34350.153846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 62244.571429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 23809.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 79892.446252                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 50052.907035                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67985.757836                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.inst         1233                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1357                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       957373                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      3942387                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       724275                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    113438781                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     40107182                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    159169998                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.797468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.534190                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.880531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.631950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         1414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          796                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       893104                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      3921408                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       714285                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    112967919                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     39842114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158338830                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.797468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.534190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.880531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         1414                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          796                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2329                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 11422.608511                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11422.608511                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 11089.608511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11089.608511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2684313                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2684313                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.991561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          235                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          235                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2606058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.991561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          235                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2424                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2424                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2424                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         2424                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          174                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          174                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          174                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          174                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 35458.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 62577.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 24142.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 80225.446252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 50143.318136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66860.083697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 34350.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 62244.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 23809.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 79892.446252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 49810.318136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66531.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.inst         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_hits::total           1373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       957373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      3942387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       724275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    113438781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     49491455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    168554271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.797468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.534190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.888389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.647406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_misses::total         2521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       893104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      3921408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       714285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    112967919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     49162784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.797468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.534190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.888389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst         2647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.data         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 35458.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 62577.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 24142.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 80225.446252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 50143.318136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66860.083697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 34350.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher 71022.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 62244.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 23809.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 79892.446252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 49810.318136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66543.988128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       110556                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       110556                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.inst         1233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.data          124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_hits::total          1373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       957373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      3942387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       724275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    113438781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     49491455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    168554271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.797468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.534190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.888389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.647406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         1414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.data          987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_misses::total         2521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       893104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       497158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      3921408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       714285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst    112967919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     49162784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168156658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.797468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.534190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.888389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           63                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst         1414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data      4753908                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4753908                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu7.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           12                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified           12                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache            0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull            0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            0                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.l2cache.replacements                    9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            2.665216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         110191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.004651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher     0.001816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.014893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.006954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.inst     0.338287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.data     0.178199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.006836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.546387                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            2527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          110191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse           0.544800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.total_refs              6735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    19416551083929                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l2cache.writebacks::total               9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 52302.075949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 24964.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44597.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 51969.075949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 25141.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44585.339450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_hits::total         1234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      4131864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       773892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4905756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.084764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.075243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_misses::total          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      4105557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       754245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4859802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.084764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.072816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.mmucache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.mmucache.blocked::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.mmucache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.mmucache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_accesses::total         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 52302.075949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 24964.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44597.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 51969.075949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 25141.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44585.339450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_hits::total          1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      4131864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       773892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_miss_latency::total      4905756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.084764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.075243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_misses::total          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      4105557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       754245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4859802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.084764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.072816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.port::system.cpu7.mmucache.cpu_side          824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu7.mmucache.cpu_side         1864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_count::total         2688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.port::system.cpu7.mmucache.cpu_side         3296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.port::system.cpu7.mmucache.cpu_side         7456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pkt_size::total        10752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.occupancy       447552                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.occupancy       274724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.occupancy       621376                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoopTraffic         2304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::samples         1539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::mean            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::0         1539    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_fanout::total         1539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.snoops                195                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadReq         1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadResp         1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           36                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.mmucache.mmubus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          158                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_accesses::total         1344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 52302.075949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 24964.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44597.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 51969.075949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 25141.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44585.339450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_hits::total         1234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      4131864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       773892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_miss_latency::total      4905756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.084764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.075243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      4105557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       754245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4859802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.084764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.072816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.mmucache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.mmucache.replacements                  36                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.avg_refs          12.321101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.data_accesses          5485                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.011831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_blocks::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.005948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.sampled_refs            109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.tag_accesses           5485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.tagsinuse          0.017779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.total_refs             1343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.mmucache.tags.warmup_cycle   19416551084595                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.mmucache.writebacks::.writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.mmucache.writebacks::total             36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.numCoalescedMMIO                        0                       # number of coalesced memory mapped IO requests
system.cpu7.numCycles                     59942975478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numExitSignal                       21179                       # exits due to signal delivery
system.cpu7.numHalt                              9813                       # number of VM exits due to wait for interrupt instructions
system.cpu7.numHypercalls                           0                       # number of hypercalls
system.cpu7.numIO                               15647                       # number of VM exits due to legacy IO
system.cpu7.numInterrupts                       18342                       # number of interrupts delivered
system.cpu7.numMMIO                             23373                       # number of VM exits due to memory mapped IO
system.cpu7.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.numVMExits                          78268                       # total number of KVM exits
system.cpu7.numVMHalfEntries                        1                       # number of KVM entries to finalize pending operations
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19416551005342                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    5633120907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        82830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio          172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio         3404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         7338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio       149534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio        33402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       278284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2082774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      2082774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave        21216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total        21216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 2382274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        48120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           25                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio         1702                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        14676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        74767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio        66567                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       206720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     66200152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total     66200152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave        42432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total        42432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 66449304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                13845                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              389612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              655935                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                43956                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                16650                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              840430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              131868                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy                4995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               101696                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              101696                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq             1078833                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1078833                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq             10608                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp            10608                       # Transaction distribution
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::.pc.south_bridge.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 62103.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62103.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 45453.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45453.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide       372623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       372623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide       272723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       272723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 37069.479167                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37069.479167                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 20399.208333                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20399.208333                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide     14234680                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total     14234680                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide      7833296                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7833296                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.demand_accesses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 37454.623077                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37454.623077                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 20784.664103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20784.664103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide     14607303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     14607303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide      8106019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8106019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 37454.623077                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37454.623077                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide 20784.664103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20784.664103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide     14607303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     14607303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              390                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.pc.south_bridge.ide      8106019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8106019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::.pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.replacements                       374                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3510                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::.pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::.pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.004617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                    390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         19416578949369                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks::.writebacks            368                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  368                       # number of writebacks
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        19670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        46371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        23189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        70292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::total       159522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        12252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        43404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        14290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        25560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::total        95506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side         5263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        37294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        11029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        16911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::total        70497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side         8092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        38937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        13462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        19815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::total        80306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        19913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        49109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        22532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        33663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::total       125217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side         6623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        36612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        13004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        19470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::total        75709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side         5511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        36241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        11455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        18339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::total        71546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side         8959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        37990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        10168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        25875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::total        82992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_count::total                  761295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        54804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       118016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        71020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        78236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::total       322076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side       219633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       283888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side       217844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side       223141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::total       944506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        35780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       100356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        47452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        38325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2cache.mem_side::total       221913                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side       108232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       172732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side       118028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side       107791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2cache.mem_side::total       506783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side       464470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       539232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side       471056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side       472426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l2cache.mem_side::total      1947184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        62396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       125864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        79400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        68025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l2cache.mem_side::total       335685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        27160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side        95132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        44096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        33292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l2cache.mem_side::total       199680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks0.cpu_side        40300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks1.cpu_side       107060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks2.cpu_side        48812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3cache.banks3.cpu_side        46465                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l2cache.mem_side::total       242637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pkt_size::total                  4720464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy              7216119                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.reqLayer1.occupancy              7209770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.reqLayer2.occupancy              6994637                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.reqLayer3.occupancy              7508480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1322312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer1.occupancy             6192130                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer2.occupancy             1357502                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer3.occupancy             4219110                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer4.occupancy            12232125                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer5.occupancy             2873127                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer6.occupancy             1164735                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.respLayer7.occupancy             1835620                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy               3333                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l3bus.snoopLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3bus.snoopTraffic                      234240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::samples              48384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.953104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             1.627321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::0                    28060     57.99%     57.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    11158     23.06%     81.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::2                     2991      6.18%     87.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::3                     1806      3.73%     90.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::4                     1284      2.65%     93.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::5                     1128      2.33%     95.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::6                      918      1.90%     97.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::7                     1039      2.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_fanout::total                48384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        16291                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          65410                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops                5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l3bus.snoops                              5501                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l3bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                98956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              139736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              228126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             228126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         12401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              2979                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             2947                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               3453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              3453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          40780                       # Transaction distribution
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           96                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 63395.557377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 67730.569930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 72904.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 71763.252632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 67666.753247                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 71293.218750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 65920.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        68820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68098.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 60065.557377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 64400.569930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 69574.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 68433.252632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 64336.753247                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 67963.218750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 62590.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        65490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64768.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3867129                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     19370943                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      1093572                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      6817509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15631020                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      2281383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1582083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2064600                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     52708239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.979452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.989583                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.813380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.928058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_misses::total          774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3663999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     18418563                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      1043622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      6501159                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     14861790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      2174823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1502163                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      1964700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50130819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.979452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.989583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.813380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data 167665.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       173493                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data       220113                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data       164169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       173493                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       150183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data 167665.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       150183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166320.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       670662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       520479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data       220113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data       820845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       520479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       450549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       670662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       450549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4324338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          774                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         1010                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1059                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          198                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          240                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          363                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        82917                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 76015.087805                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 68193.130952                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 61771.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        62437                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 74782.396825                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 68388.171429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74576.046823                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 72425.733333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 73439.307692                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        74592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 69430.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 87678.900000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        65601                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76862.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 75265.187050                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 82277.640000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 94599.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 74121.554859                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 78982.602094                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 88268.785714                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 76892.727273                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 79272.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 86671.755906                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 76743.692308                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        90576                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 73292.446154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 77971.115044                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 76734.782609                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 77455.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 72224.783898                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 75468.830675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 87888.214286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        90576                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 72608.034483                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 72781.450331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 89788.909091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        72594                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 76365.225000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 80169.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        86580                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 66433.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76933.260504                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 77042.621359                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75144.811102                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        79587                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 72685.087805                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 64863.130952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 58441.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        59107                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 71452.396825                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 65058.171429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 71246.046823                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 69095.733333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 70109.307692                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        71262                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 66100.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 84348.900000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 73634.292000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 71935.187050                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 78947.640000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        93240                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 70791.554859                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 75652.602094                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 85094.307692                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        75998                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75599.705882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 83342.484127                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 73413.692308                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        87246                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 69962.446154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74641.115044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 73404.782609                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74125.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 68906.995760                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 72138.830675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 84558.214286                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        87246                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69278.034483                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 69451.450331                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 91075.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 73272.974026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 76864.918605                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        86210                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 63103.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73632.715596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 73691.540816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71796.389996                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          176                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1104                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       248751                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     15583093                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5728223                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       247087                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       124874                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4711291                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2393586                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     44596476                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14123018                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       954711                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       447552                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       277722                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       876789                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       131202                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     19446201                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     10461861                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      2056941                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1135197                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     70934328                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     45257031                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1235763                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       845820                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     25684290                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     11007313                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       997668                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        90576                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     42876081                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     26432208                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1764900                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       387279                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    102270294                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     61507097                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1230435                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        90576                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37901394                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     10989999                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       987678                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       145188                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     18327654                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7054938                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      1038960                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       132867                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     27465174                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      7935390                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    628135476                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.887324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.772610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.855263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.764706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.947525                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.908082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.984802                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.976923                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.866667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.821629                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.869231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.793103                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.882793                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.769594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.878788                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.762626                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.983471                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.990385                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.883335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          324                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          522                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          240                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       238761                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     14900443                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5448503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       233767                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       118214                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4501501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2277036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     42605136                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     13473668                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       911421                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       427572                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       264402                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       843489                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     18408573                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      9998991                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1973691                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1025640                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     67747518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     43348941                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1106226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       683982                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23133510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     10501153                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       954378                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        87246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     40928031                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     25303338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1688310                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       370629                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97503399                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     58793147                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1183815                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        87246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     36163134                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     10487169                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       728604                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     16926057                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      6610383                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       775890                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       126207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     24077898                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      7221771                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594258720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.887324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.772610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.855263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.988142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.947525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.908082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.930091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.969231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.821629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.793103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.882170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.769594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.878788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.762626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.962500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.900826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.942308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          573                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          306                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1415                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          815                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          522                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          231                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          327                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8277                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data  1352.812500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data   752.056180                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   588.558140                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 20032.578947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 19917.562500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 19993.095506                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 20246.400000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 20217.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 20170.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20056.335548                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data        43290                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data       133866                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       177156                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.994413                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996689                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          301                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data       832833                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data       380619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data       142191                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data       637362                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data      3558771                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data       202464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data       141525                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data       141192                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6036957                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.994413                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2224                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2224                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2224                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2224                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1424                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1424                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1424                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1424                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks0.blocked::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_accesses::total        10297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        82917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 76015.087805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 68193.130952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 61771.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        62437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 74782.396825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 68388.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74576.046823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 72425.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 73439.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        74592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 69430.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 87678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        65601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76862.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 71644.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 82277.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 94599.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 74121.554859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 75236.291036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 88268.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 76892.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 79272.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 85217.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 76743.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        90576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 73292.446154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 76612.251152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 76734.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 77455.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 72224.783898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 73745.809751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 87888.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        90576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 72608.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 72521.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 89788.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        72594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 76365.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 77116.258929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        86580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 66433.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76933.260504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 75187.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74547.653017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        79587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 72685.087805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 64863.130952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 58441.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        59107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 71452.396825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 65058.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 71246.046823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 69095.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 70109.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        71262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 66100.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 84348.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 73634.292000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68314.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 78947.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        93240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 70791.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 71906.291036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 85094.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        75998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75599.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 81877.836879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 73413.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        87246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 69962.446154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 73282.251152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 73404.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74125.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 68906.995760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 70415.809751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 84558.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        87246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69278.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 69191.213115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 91075.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 73272.974026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 73750.418182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        86210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 63103.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73632.715596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 71769.304688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71195.397083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_hits::total         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       248751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     15583093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5728223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       247087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       124874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4711291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2393586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     44596476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14123018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       954711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       447552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       277722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       876789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       131202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     19446201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     14328990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      2056941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1135197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     70934328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     64627974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1235763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       845820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     25684290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     12100885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       997668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        90576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     42876081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     33249717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1764900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       387279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    102270294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     77138117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1230435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        90576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37901394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13271382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       987678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       145188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     18327654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8637021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      1038960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       132867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     27465174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9999990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_latency::total    680843715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.887324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.772610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.855263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.764706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.947525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.930661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.984802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.979310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.866667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.821629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.893004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.793103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.882793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.778853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.878788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.795652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.983471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.886957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.data          434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_misses::total         9133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       238761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     14900443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5448503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       233767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       118214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4501501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2277036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     42605136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     13473668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       911421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       427572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       264402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       843489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     18408573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13662990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1973691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1025640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     67747518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     61767504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1106226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       683982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23133510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     11544775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       954378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        87246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     40928031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     31804497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1688310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       370629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97503399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     73654937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1183815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        87246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     36163134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12661992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       728604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     16926057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8112546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       775890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       126207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     24077898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9186471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    644389539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.887324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.772610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.855263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.988142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.947525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.930661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.930091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.972414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.821629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.893004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.793103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.882170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.778853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.878788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.795652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.962500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.982143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.900826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.955224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.demand_mshr_misses::total         9051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_accesses::total        10297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        82917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 76015.087805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 68193.130952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 61771.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        62437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 74782.396825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 68388.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74576.046823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 72425.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 73439.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        74592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 69430.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 87678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        65601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76862.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 71644.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 82277.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 94599.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 74121.554859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 75236.291036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 88268.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 76892.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 79272.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 85217.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 76743.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        90576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 73292.446154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 76612.251152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 76734.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 77455.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 72224.783898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 73745.809751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 87888.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        90576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 72608.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 72521.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 89788.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        72594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 76365.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 77116.258929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        86580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 66433.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76933.260504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 75187.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74547.653017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        79587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 72685.087805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 64863.130952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 58441.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        59107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 71452.396825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 65058.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 71246.046823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 69095.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 70109.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        71262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 66100.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 84348.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 73634.292000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 68314.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 78947.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        93240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 70791.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 71906.291036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 85094.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        75998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75599.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 81877.836879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 73413.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        87246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 69962.446154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 73282.251152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 73404.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 74125.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 68906.995760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 70415.809751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 84558.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        87246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69278.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 69191.213115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 91075.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 73272.974026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 73750.418182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        86210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 63103.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73632.715596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 71769.304688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71195.397083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data 83832.750000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data 52047.900000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data 44022.600000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data        48285                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data        57831                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data 64364.142857                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data 83832.750000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data 64364.142857                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 60906.169014                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          176                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           33                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.data           64                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          127                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.data           52                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          188                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.data          297                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.data           47                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_hits::total         1164                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       248751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     15583093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5728223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       247087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       124874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4711291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2393586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     44596476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14123018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       954711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       447552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       277722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       876789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       131202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     19446201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     14328990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      2056941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1135197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     70934328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     64627974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1235763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       845820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     25684290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     12100885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       997668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        90576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     42876081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     33249717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1764900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       387279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    102270294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     77138117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1230435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        90576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37901394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13271382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       987678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       145188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     18327654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8637021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      1038960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       132867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     27465174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9999990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_latency::total    680843715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.887324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.772610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.855263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.764706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.947525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.930661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.984802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.979310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.866667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.821629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.893004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.793103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.882793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.778853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.878788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.795652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.983471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          598                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          195                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.data          859                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          324                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          585                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.data          434                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1416                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          522                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          357                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_misses::total         9133                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu4.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       238761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     14900443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5448503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       233767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       118214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4501501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2277036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     42605136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     13473668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       911421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       427572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       264402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       843489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     18408573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13662990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1973691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1025640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     67747518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     61767504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1106226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       683982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23133510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     11544775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       954378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        87246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     40928031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     31804497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1688310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       370629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97503399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     73654937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1183815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        87246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     36163134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12661992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       728604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     16926057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8112546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       775890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       126207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     24077898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9186471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    644389539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.887324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.772610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.855263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.988142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.947525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.930661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.930091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.972414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.821629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.893004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.793103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.882170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.778853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.878788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.795652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.962500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.982143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.900826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.955224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           63                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_misses::total         9051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       670662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       520479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data       220113                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data       820845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       520479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       450549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       670662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       450549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4324338                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu0.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu1.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu2.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu3.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu4.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu5.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu6.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu7.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks0.replacements                  0                       # number of replacements
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.avg_refs          1.323546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.data_accesses       459548                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.591855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.055054                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097473                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.sampled_refs          3644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.tag_accesses        459548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.tagsinuse         0.591855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.total_refs            4823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks0.tags.warmup_cycle  19416720603240                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 63051.827586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 69656.505155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 83437.312500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 66696.990291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 68402.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 65298.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 73695.461538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 66640.363636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68524.420455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 59721.827586                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 66326.505155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 80107.312500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 63366.990291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 65072.793103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 61968.272727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 70365.461538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 63310.363636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65194.420455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_hits::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3657006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     20270043                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      1334997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      6869790                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15869448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      2154843                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1916082                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2199132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54271341                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.983108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.971698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.825623                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.932862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          291                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3463866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     19301013                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      1281717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      6526800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15096888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      2044953                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1829502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2089242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.983108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.971698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.825623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          291                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          227                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst          985                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1597                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 75812.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 75015.790179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 70627.493976                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 83416.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        80419                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 72902.927536                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 67409.733333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74829.567521                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 71875.743961                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 69541.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        86913                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        83583                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        73093                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 87745.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        73093                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 77061.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76412.199095                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 78138.829457                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 80237.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 84182.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 71731.927879                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 80127.904762                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 74467.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        81585                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78438.996610                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 91367.788889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 83860.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 71853.551127                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 76895.167164                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 75435.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        86913                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 72968.215190                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 75420.467312                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 75053.076923                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 73957.439306                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 75255.780000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 74955.272727                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 74103.127660                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 84745.288462                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 78126.923077                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 77603.520349                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 82737.907563                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75053.071959                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 72482.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 71685.790179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 67297.493976                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 80086.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        77089                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 69572.927536                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 64079.733333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 71499.567521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 68545.743961                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 66211.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        83583                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        80253                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        69763                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 84415.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        69763                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker        75591                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 73179.410959                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 74854.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 76907.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 80852.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 68401.927879                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 76797.904762                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 73048.090909                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        78255                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75185.233333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 87035.880952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 80530.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 68523.551127                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 73565.167164                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 72105.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        83583                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69638.215190                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 72090.467312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 71723.076923                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 70627.439306                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 71925.780000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 75324.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst        71205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 81856.206186                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 79462.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73766.371429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        79883                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71684.708981                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          183                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          175                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1093                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       128538                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       227437                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16803537                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5862082                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       500499                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       160838                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      5030302                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2022292                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     43775297                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14878279                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       417250                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        86913                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        83583                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       146186                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       350982                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       146186                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       924741                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16887096                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     10079909                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1684980                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       420912                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     66638961                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     45432522                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1191474                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       407925                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23139504                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8223101                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1006326                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     41459499                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     25759881                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1131534                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        86913                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    103760802                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     62297306                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       975690                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     38383911                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     11288367                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       824508                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     17414235                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8813510                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      1015650                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     26695611                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9845811                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    616410880                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.986784                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.988095                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.920000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.761719                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.869748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.992308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.943147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.920455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.996622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.827834                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.879265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.890420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.749546                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.875211                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.789474                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.995763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.990476                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.988506                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.991667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.882549                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          826                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          344                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       121878                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       217447                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16057617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5585692                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       480519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       154178                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4800532                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      1922392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     41827247                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14188969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       397270                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        83583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        80253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       139526                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       337662                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       139526                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       755910                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16026291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      9581408                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1615050                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       404262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     63545391                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     43544412                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       803529                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       391275                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     20300013                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      7311014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       966366                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     39538089                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     24644331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1081584                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        83583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     99025542                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     59546726                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       932400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     36655641                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     10788867                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       753246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     15807510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7940052                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       635697                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     23236407                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      8627364                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581076251                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.986784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.761719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.869748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.990950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.984615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.943147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.920455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.687500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.912162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.827834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.879265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.890420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.749546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.875211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.940678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.923810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.905172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          224                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          929                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          567                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          270                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          577                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          826                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          315                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8106                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          187                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          290                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data   507.871508                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   322.372340                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data        19462                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 20233.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 20028.368715                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 20292.187500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 20236.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 20271.375000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20088.638298                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data        90909                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        90909                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.957219                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972414                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          282                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data       284382                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data       175158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        20313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data       424908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data      3585078                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data       324675                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data       526140                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data       324342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5664996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.957219                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972414                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2185                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2185                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2185                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackClean_hits::total         2185                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks1.blocked::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_accesses::total        10155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 75812.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 75015.790179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 70627.493976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 83416.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        80419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 72902.927536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 67409.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74829.567521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 71875.743961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 69541.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        86913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        83583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        73093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 87745.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        73093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 77061.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76412.199095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 73459.438503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 80237.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 84182.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 71731.927879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 76576.416084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 74467.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        81585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78438.996610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 90170.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 83860.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 71853.551127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74496.965753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 75435.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        86913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 72968.215190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 73881.620038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 75053.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 73957.439306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 73460.163934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 74955.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 74103.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 82535.323077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 78126.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 77603.520349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 79243.046053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74478.869628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 72482.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 71685.790179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 67297.493976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 80086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        77089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 69572.927536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 64079.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 71499.567521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 68545.743961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 66211.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        83583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        80253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        69763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 84415.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        69763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker        75591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 73179.410959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 70135.881720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 76907.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 80852.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 68401.927879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 73246.416084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 73048.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        78255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75185.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 85927.310000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 80530.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 68523.551127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 71166.965753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 72105.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        83583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69638.215190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 70551.620038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 71723.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 70627.439306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 70130.163934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 75324.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst        71205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 79427.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 79462.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73766.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 76004.297872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.016408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_hits::total         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       128538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       227437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16803537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5862082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       500499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       160838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      5030302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2022292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     43775297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14878279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       417250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        86913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        83583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       146186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       350982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       146186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       924741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16887096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13736915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1684980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       420912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     66638961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     65702565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1191474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       407925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23139504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      9558098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1006326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     41459499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     32629671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1131534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        86913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    103760802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     78166754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       975690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     38383911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13443210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       824508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     17414235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     10729592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      1015650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     26695611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     12044943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_latency::total    670682221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.986784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.988095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.920000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.909091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.761719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.869748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.994681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.943147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.940789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.996622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.827834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.899384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.890420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.765004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.875211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.820628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.995763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.992366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.988506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.993464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.886755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.data          438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_misses::total         9005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       121878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       217447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16057617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5585692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       480519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       154178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4800532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      1922392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     41827247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14188969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       397270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        83583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        80253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       139526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       337662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       139526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       755910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16026291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13045274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1615050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       404262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     63545391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     62845425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       803529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       391275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     20300013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8592731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       966366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     39538089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     31171131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1081584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        83583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     99025542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     74643614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       932400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     36655641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12833820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       753246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     15807510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      9769554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       635697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     23236407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10716606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    632710232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.986784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.761719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.869748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.990950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.943147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.940789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.687500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.912162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.943396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.827834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.899384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.890420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.765004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.875211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.820628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.940678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.938931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.905172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.921569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.demand_mshr_misses::total         8898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           84                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_accesses::total        10155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 75812.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 75015.790179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 70627.493976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 83416.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        80419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 72902.927536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 67409.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74829.567521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 71875.743961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 69541.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        86913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        83583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        73093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 87745.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        73093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 77061.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76412.199095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 73459.438503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 80237.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 84182.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 71731.927879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 76576.416084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 74467.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        81585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78438.996610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 90170.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 83860.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 71853.551127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74496.965753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 75435.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        86913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 72968.215190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 73881.620038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 75053.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 73957.439306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 73460.163934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 74955.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 74103.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 82535.323077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 78126.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 77603.520349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 79243.046053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74478.869628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 72482.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 71685.790179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 67297.493976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 80086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        77089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 69572.927536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 64079.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 71499.567521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 68545.743961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 66211.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        83583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        80253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        69763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 84415.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        69763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker        75591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 73179.410959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 70135.881720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 76907.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 80852.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 68401.927879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 73246.416084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 73048.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        78255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75185.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 85927.310000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 80530.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 68523.551127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 71166.965753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 72105.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        83583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 69638.215190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 70551.620038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 71723.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 70627.439306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 70130.163934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 75324.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst        71205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 79427.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 79462.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73766.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 76004.297872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.016408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          183                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           31                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.data           54                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          120                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.data           49                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          175                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.data           40                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_hits::total         1150                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       128538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       227437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16803537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5862082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       500499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       160838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      5030302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2022292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     43775297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14878279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       417250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        86913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        83583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       146186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       350982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       146186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       924741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16887096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13736915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1684980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       420912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     66638961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     65702565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1191474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       407925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23139504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      9558098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1006326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     41459499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     32629671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1131534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        86913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    103760802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     78166754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       975690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     38383911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13443210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       824508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     17414235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data     10729592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker      1015650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     26695611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     12044943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_latency::total    670682221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.986784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.988095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.920000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.909091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.761719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.869748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.994681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.943147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.940789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.996622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.827834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.899384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.890420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.765004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.875211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.820628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.995763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.992366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.988506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.993464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          224                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           83                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           69                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          585                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          221                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.data          187                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          929                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          295                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.data          438                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1422                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1058                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          519                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          235                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          344                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_misses::total         9005                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       121878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       217447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16057617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      5585692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       480519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       154178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      4800532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      1922392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     41827247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     14188969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       397270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        83583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        80253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       139526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       337662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       139526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       755910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16026291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13045274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1615050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       404262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     63545391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     62845425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       803529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       391275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     20300013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8592731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       966366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     39538089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     31171131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1081584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        83583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     99025542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     74643614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       932400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     36655641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12833820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       753246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     15807510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      9769554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       635697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     23236407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10716606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    632710232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.986784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.761719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.869748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.990950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.943147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.940789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.687500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.912162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.943396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.827834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.899384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.890420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.765004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.875211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.820628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.940678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.938931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.905172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.921569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_misses::total         8898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu0.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu1.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu2.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu3.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu4.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu5.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu6.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu7.data           12                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           81                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks1.replacements                  0                       # number of replacements
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.avg_refs          1.318504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.data_accesses       455216                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.596161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.055481                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.098450                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.sampled_refs          3664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.tag_accesses        455216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.tagsinuse         0.596161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.total_refs            4831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks1.tags.warmup_cycle  19416694407462                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          771                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 63026.196429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 70962.433735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        78588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data        76442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 66559.762500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 66671.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 64808.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 64090.607143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68967.063291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 59696.196429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 67632.433735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        75258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data        73112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 63229.762500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 63341.357143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 61478.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 60760.607143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65637.063291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3529467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     17669646                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      1335996                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      5503824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15974343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      1866798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1360971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      1794537                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     49035582                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.972656                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.922179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3342987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     16840476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      1279386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      5264064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15175143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      1773558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1291041                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      1701297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46667952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.972656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       117549                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       117549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       352647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data       117549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       705294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       235098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       117549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       235098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1880784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          751                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          212                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst          953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9053                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        65767                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 76557.899194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 64860.730769                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76456.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        63933                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 73631.034091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 78551.459459                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74176.678636                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 73256.231111                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 61646.875000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 61870.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 68708.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        62937                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        66100                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 90492.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        68265                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 79401.650943                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 74716.875000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 82113.882353                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        81252                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 73103.746154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 79656.904580                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 84344.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 79170.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78886.996479                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 82477.567010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 78962.625000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        76923                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 71809.026465                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 77723.319328                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 77874.428571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 108266.625000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 71280.216630                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 76935.871134                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker        87024                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 83749.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 74135.790000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 77861.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        88689                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 73663.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 78934.320000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        87468                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker        54279                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76533.990826                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 79538.119266                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74918.992504                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        62437                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 73227.899194                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 61530.730769                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 73126.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        60603                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 70301.034091                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 75221.459459                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 70846.678636                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 69926.231111                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 58316.875000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 58540.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 65378.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        59607                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        62770                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker        89577                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        64935                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76136.485714                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 71386.875000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 78783.882353                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        77922                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 69773.746154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 76326.904580                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        79587                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 78730.714286                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75672.679245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 79640.698925                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 75632.625000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        73593                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 68479.026465                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74393.319328                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 74544.428571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 104936.625000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 67950.216630                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 73605.871134                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker        83694                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 80419.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 70805.790000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 74531.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        85359                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 71761.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 70187.246445                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data        75258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 84848.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 72136.264214                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 75825.089109                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71524.278136                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          275                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       131534                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     18986359                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6745516                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       382284                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        63933                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6479531                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2906404                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     41316410                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     16482652                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       493175                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       309351                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       206125                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        62937                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       132200                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       361971                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       136530                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16833150                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     10161495                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1395936                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1137528                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     66524409                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     41740218                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       590409                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       633366                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     22403907                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8000324                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       631701                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       153846                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     37986975                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     27747225                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1090242                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       866133                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97725177                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     59702236                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       522144                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       167499                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37067895                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     11990664                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       532134                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       209457                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     16353297                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7893432                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       524808                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       108558                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     25026615                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      8669655                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    599651616                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.995984                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.741678                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.858779                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.992701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.954879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.929078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.982699                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.830455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.877150                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.908549                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.738344                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.857633                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.762376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.995516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.993921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.973214                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.884127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          248                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          212                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          910                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          327                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       124874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     18160519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6399196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       365634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        60603                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6186491                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2783194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     39461600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     15733402                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       466535                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       292701                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       196135                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        59607                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       125540                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       268731                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       129870                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     15988662                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      9708615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1339326                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1090908                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     63494109                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     39995298                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       397935                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       551115                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     20053260                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      7406585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       605061                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       147186                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     36225405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     26558415                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1043622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       839493                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     93159747                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     57118156                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       502164                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       160839                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     35402895                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     11477844                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       512154                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       143523                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     14809509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      6998994                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       424242                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     21568743                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      7658334                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566257710                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.995984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.741678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.858779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.990566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.992701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.954879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.929078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.916955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.958763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.830455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.877150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.908549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.738344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.857633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.762376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.946188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.930000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.908815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.901786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          248                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          910                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          265                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          529                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          211                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          299                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7917                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data   868.695652                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data   890.733990                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   709.537102                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 20068.800000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 20271.375000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 20095.826087                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 20017.729064                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data        20128                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 20246.400000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20061.190813                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data        19980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data       180819                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       200799                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.985437                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989510                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data       301032                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data       162171                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data       462204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data      4063599                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data       304695                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data       181152                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data       202464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5677317                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.985437                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989510                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2116                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2116                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2116                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackClean_hits::total         2116                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks2.blocked::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_accesses::total         9824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        65767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 76557.899194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 64860.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76456.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        63933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 73631.034091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 78551.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74176.678636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 73256.231111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 61646.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 61870.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 68708.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        62937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        66100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 90492.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        68265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 79401.650943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 71307.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 82113.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        81252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 73103.746154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 76856.227684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 84344.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 79170.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78886.996479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 81897.543860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 78962.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        76923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 71809.026465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 77508.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 77874.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 108266.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 71280.216630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 74484.821850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker        87024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 83749.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 74135.790000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 76139.901099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        88689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 73663.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 76482.669421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        87468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker        54279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76533.990826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 76380.963504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74433.413425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        62437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 73227.899194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 61530.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 73126.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        60603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 70301.034091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 75221.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 70846.678636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 69926.231111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 58316.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 58540.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 65378.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        59607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        62770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker        89577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        64935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76136.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 67977.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 78783.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        77922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 69773.746154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 73526.227684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        79587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 78730.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75672.679245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 78963.372727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 75632.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        73593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 68479.026465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74178.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 74544.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 104936.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 67950.216630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 71154.821850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker        83694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 80419.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 70805.790000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 72809.901099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        85359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 71761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 70187.246445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 72719.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 84848.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 72136.264214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 72555.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71039.135605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_hits::total         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       131534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     18986359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6745516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       382284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        63933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6479531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2906404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     41316410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     16482652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       493175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       309351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       206125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        62937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       132200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       361971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       136530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16833150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13690962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1395936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1137528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     66524409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     59409864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       590409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       633366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     22403907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      9336320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       631701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     37986975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     33251049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1090242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       866133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97725177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     75676579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       522144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       167499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37067895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13857462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       532134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       209457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     16353297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      9254403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       524808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       108558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     25026615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10464192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_latency::total    648687198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.995984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.741678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.858779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.727273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.994819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.954879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.942683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.982699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.830455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.888199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.908549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.758775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.857633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.995516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.993921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.978571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.887113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.data          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_misses::total         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       124874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     18160519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6399196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       365634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        60603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6186491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2783194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     39461600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     15733402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       466535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       292701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       196135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       125540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       268731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       129870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     15988662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13051602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1339326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1090908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     63494109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     56835774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       397935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       551115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     20053260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8685971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       605061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       147186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     36225405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     31822479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1043622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       839493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     93159747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     72293299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       502164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       160839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     35402895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13251402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       512154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       143523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     14809509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8290035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       424242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     21568743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9359631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612925662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.995984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.741678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.858779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.990566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.994819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.954879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.942683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.916955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.964912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.830455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.888199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.908549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.758775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.857633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.946188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.942149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.908815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.921429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.demand_mshr_misses::total         8628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_accesses::total         9824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        65767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 76557.899194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 64860.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76456.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        63933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 73631.034091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 78551.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 74176.678636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 73256.231111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 61646.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 61870.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 68708.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        62937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        66100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 90492.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        68265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 79401.650943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 71307.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 82113.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        81252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 73103.746154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 76856.227684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 84344.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 79170.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78886.996479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 81897.543860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 78962.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        76923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 71809.026465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 77508.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 77874.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 108266.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 71280.216630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 74484.821850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker        87024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 83749.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 74135.790000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 76139.901099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        88689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 73663.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 76482.669421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker        87468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker        54279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76533.990826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 76380.963504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74433.413425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        62437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 73227.899194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 61530.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 73126.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        60603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 70301.034091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 75221.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 70846.678636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 69926.231111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 58316.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 58540.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 65378.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        59607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        62770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker        89577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        64935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 76136.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 67977.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 78783.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        77922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 69773.746154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 73526.227684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker        79587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 78730.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75672.679245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 78963.372727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 75632.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        73593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 68479.026465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74178.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 74544.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 104936.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 67950.216630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 71154.821850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker        83694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 80419.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 70805.790000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 72809.901099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        85359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 71761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 70187.246445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 72719.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 84848.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 72136.264214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 72555.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71039.135605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        39183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          194                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           43                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.data           47                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          108                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.data           54                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          138                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           83                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.data           49                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_hits::total         1109                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        64269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       131534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     18986359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6745516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       382284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        63933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6479531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2906404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     41316410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     16482652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       493175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       309351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       206125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        62937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       132200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       361971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       136530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     16833150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13690962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1395936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1137528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     66524409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     59409864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       590409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       633366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     22403907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      9336320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       631701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       153846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     37986975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     33251049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1090242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       866133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97725177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     75676579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       522144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       167499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37067895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13857462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       532134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       209457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     16353297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      9254403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       524808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       108558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     25026615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10464192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_latency::total    648687198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.995984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.741678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.858779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.727273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.994819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.954879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.942683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.982699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.830455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.888199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.908549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.758775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.857633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.995516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.993921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.978571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.887113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          248                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           88                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          557                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          910                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.data          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          284                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          529                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.data          429                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1371                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          500                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          222                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          327                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_misses::total         8715                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        60939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       124874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     18160519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6399196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       365634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        60603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6186491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2783194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     39461600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     15733402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       466535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       292701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       196135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher        59607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       125540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       268731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       129870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     15988662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13051602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1339326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1090908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     63494109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     56835774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       397935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       551115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     20053260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      8685971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       605061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       147186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     36225405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     31822479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1043622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       839493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     93159747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     72293299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       502164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       160839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     35402895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     13251402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       512154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       143523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     14809509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8290035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       424242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     21568743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      9359631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612925662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     0.995984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.741678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.858779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.990566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data     0.994819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.954879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.942683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.916955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.964912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.830455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.888199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.908549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.758775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.857633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.946188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data     0.942149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.908815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.921429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_misses::total         8628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       117549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       352647                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data       117549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       705294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       235098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       117549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       235098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1880784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu0.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu1.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu3.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu4.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu5.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu6.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu7.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks2.replacements                  0                       # number of replacements
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.avg_refs          1.317210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.data_accesses       441028                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.579885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          882                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1573                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.053833                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.096008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.sampled_refs          3556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.tag_accesses        441028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.tagsinuse         0.579885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.total_refs            4684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks2.tags.warmup_cycle  19416717524322                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 67833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 69517.912500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 77505.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 64019.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 65536.592593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 66921.107143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 68030.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 73970.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67628.439130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 64503.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 66187.912500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 74175.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 60689.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 62206.592593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 63591.107143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 64700.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 70640.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64298.439130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_hits::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3663000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     16684299                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data       620046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      3841155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15925392                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      1873791                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1836828                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2219112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     46663623                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.983607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.983607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.829352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.924933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_misses::total          690                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data      3483180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     15885099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data       593406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data      3641355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     15116202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data      1780551                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      1746918                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      2119212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44365923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.983607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.983607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.829352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       150183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data       220113                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data       220113                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data 219370.632000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       192141                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data       219743                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       150183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       216228                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 219127.169492                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data          375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       150183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data     18489492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data      7703955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data     82263987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       960705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data     41531427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       150183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data      3892104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    155142036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          323                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          111                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1039                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        92907                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        64267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 72005.929167                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 62933.462963                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 80086.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 80417.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 72569.043011                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 81251.187500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 72979.236111                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 77037.809524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 74116.285714                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 63336.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        89244                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 67930.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        71926                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 78893.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 65767.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 81401.720930                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 76108.212766                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 94331.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        78477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 72802.082569                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 78538.976661                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 86109.882353                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 86342.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78485.377358                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        89625                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 102314.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 91075.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 73244.837128                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 76380.795389                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 88789.909091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 81002.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 70925.521588                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 73073.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 86635.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 88744.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 72363.038532                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 78704.550000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 75890.700000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        68598                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 75412.607143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 77643.112500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 79617.272727                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 66433.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76876.085635                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 77300.598214                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74461.172006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        89577                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        60937                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 68675.929167                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 59603.462963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76756.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 77087.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 69239.043011                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 77921.187500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 69649.236111                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 73707.809524                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 70786.285714                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 60006.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        85914                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 64600.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        68596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 79344.818182                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 78051.571984                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 72778.212766                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 91001.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 78463.125000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 69472.082569                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 75208.976661                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 78802.071429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        91242                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75517.849180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 86518.899083                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 98984.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 87745.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 69914.837128                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 73050.795389                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 85459.909091                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 77672.250000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 67595.521588                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 69743.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 83305.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 85414.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69033.038532                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 75374.550000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        71484                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 72106.782787                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 74313.112500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 82875.375000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 63103.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73856.372727                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 74068.281818                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71144.739478                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          192                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu1.data           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu3.data           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          171                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data          225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu5.data           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        92907                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       192801                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     17281423                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6796814                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       160173                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       160835                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6748921                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2600038                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     42036040                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     16177940                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       518814                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       316681                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       178488                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       339654                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       215778                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       946719                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       131535                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     21001644                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     10731258                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1697967                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       706293                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     71418843                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     43746210                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1463868                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       604395                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     24958350                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      9948375                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1227771                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       182151                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     41822802                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     26504136                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1953378                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       324009                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    101849049                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     59481792                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1039626                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       177489                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     39437856                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     11018637                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       758907                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       205794                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     19003977                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      6211449                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       875790                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       132867                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     27829143                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      8657667                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    629867054                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.958763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.826772                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.636364                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.948743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.905691                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.984520                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.826339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.865337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.814815                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.893591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.783446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.862342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.846154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.991781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.973913                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.885666                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          318                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data          111                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1436                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          362                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8459                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        89577                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       182811                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16482223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6437174                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       153513                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       154175                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6439231                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2493478                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     40117960                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     15478640                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       495504                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       300031                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       171828                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       323004                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       205788                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       872793                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     20059254                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     10261728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1638027                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       627705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     68152113                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     41891400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1103229                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       456210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23032944                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data      9430560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1187811                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       175491                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     39921372                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     25348626                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1880118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       310689                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97067169                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     56771172                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       999666                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       170829                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37623006                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     10552437                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       643356                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       139860                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     17594055                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      5945049                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       663003                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       126207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     24372603                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data      8147511                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596690930                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.958763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.826772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.996124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.948743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.905691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.944272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.981982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.826339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.865337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.893591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.783446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.862342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.968254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.904110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          981                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          305                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          109                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1436                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          814                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          330                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8387                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu4.data          201                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::.timingCpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data         1295                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data          999                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data   691.227273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data  3940.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   777.847328                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 20340.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data        20017                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 20029.950000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 20018.681818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        20313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20049.904580                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_hits::.timingCpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data        23310                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data        19980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data       136863                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data        23643                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       203796                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.985075                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988679                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu4.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::.timingCpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          262                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data       244089                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data       360306                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data        60939                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data       400599                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data      3963699                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data       121878                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data        20313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data        81252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5253075                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.985075                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988679                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu1.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu2.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu3.data          142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu4.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::.timingCpu5.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2206                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2206                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2206                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackClean_hits::total         2206                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3cache.banks3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks3.blocked::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_accesses::total        10297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        92907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        64267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 72005.929167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 62933.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 80086.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 80417.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 72569.043011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 81251.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 72979.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 77037.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 74116.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 63336.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        89244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 67930.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        71926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 78893.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 65767.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 81401.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 73816.707692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 94331.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        78477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 72802.082569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 75822.470514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 86109.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 86342.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78485.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 88810.260504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 102314.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 91075.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 73244.837128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74558.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 88789.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 81002.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 70925.521588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 71340.760643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 86635.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 88744.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 72363.038532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 76740.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 75890.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        68598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 75412.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 75217.542056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 79617.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 66433.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76876.085635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 76597.035211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73945.860422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        89577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        60937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 68675.929167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 59603.462963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76756.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 77087.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 69239.043011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 77921.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 69649.236111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 73707.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 70786.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 60006.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        85914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 64600.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        68596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 79344.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 78051.571984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 70486.707692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 91001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 78463.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 69472.082569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72492.470514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 78802.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        91242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75517.849180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 85674.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 98984.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 87745.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 69914.837128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 71228.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 85459.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 77672.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 67595.521588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 68010.760643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 83305.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 85414.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69033.038532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 73410.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        71484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 72106.782787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 71887.542056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 82875.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 63103.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73856.372727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 73333.735714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70624.309023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu1.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu3.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu4.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu5.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_hits::total         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        92907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       192801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     17281423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6796814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       160173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       160835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6748921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2600038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     42036040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     16177940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       518814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       316681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       178488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       339654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       215778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       946719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       131535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     21001644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     14394258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1697967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       706293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     71418843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     60430509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1463868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       604395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     24958350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     10568421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1227771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       182151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     41822802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     30345291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1953378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       324009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    101849049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     75407184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1039626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       177489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     39437856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12892428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       758907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       205794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     19003977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8048277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       875790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       132867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     27829143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10876779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_latency::total    676530677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.958763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.826772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.636364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.900000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.948743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.927823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.984520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.826339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.880952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.814815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.893591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.793544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.285714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.862342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.796209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.846154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.991781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.979310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu0.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu1.data          797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu2.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu3.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu5.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu6.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::.timingCpu7.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_misses::total         9149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        89577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       182811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16482223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6437174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       153513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       154175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6439231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2493478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     40117960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     15478640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       495504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       300031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       171828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       323004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       205788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       872793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     20059254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13744908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1638027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       627705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     68152113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     57776499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1103229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       456210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23032944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     10023966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1187811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       175491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     39921372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     28989981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1880118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       310689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97067169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     71887374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       999666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       170829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37623006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12332988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       643356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       139860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     17594055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7691967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       663003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       126207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     24372603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10266723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    641056853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.958763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.826772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.996124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.948743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.927823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.944272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.983193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.826339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.880952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.893591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.793544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.862342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.796209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.968254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.904110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.demand_mshr_misses::total         9077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.inst          258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu0.data          195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.inst         1034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu1.data          859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.inst          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu2.data          119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.inst          691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu3.data          462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.inst         1607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu4.data         1332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.inst          632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu5.data          211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.inst          252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu6.data          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.inst          365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::.timingCpu7.data          145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_accesses::total        10297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        92907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        64267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 72005.929167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 62933.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 80086.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 80417.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 72569.043011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 81251.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 72979.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 77037.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 74116.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 63336.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        89244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 67930.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        71926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 78893.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 65767.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 81401.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 73816.707692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 94331.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker        78477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 72802.082569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 75822.470514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 86109.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 86342.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 78485.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 88810.260504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 102314.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 91075.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 73244.837128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 74558.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 88789.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 81002.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 70925.521588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 71340.760643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 86635.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 88744.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 72363.038532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 76740.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 75890.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        68598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 75412.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 75217.542056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 79617.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 66433.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 76876.085635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 76597.035211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73945.860422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        89577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        60937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 68675.929167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 59603.462963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 76756.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 77087.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 69239.043011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 77921.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 69649.236111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 73707.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 70786.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 60006.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        85914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 64600.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        68596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 79344.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst 78051.571984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data 70486.707692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 91001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 78463.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst 69472.082569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data 72492.470514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 78802.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker        91242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst 75517.849180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data 85674.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 98984.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 87745.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst 69914.837128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data 71228.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 85459.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 77672.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst 67595.521588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data 68010.760643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 83305.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 85414.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst 69033.038532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data 73410.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker        71484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        69930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst 72106.782787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data 71887.542056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 82875.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 63103.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst 73856.372727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data 73333.735714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70624.309023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       150183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data 160778.191304                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data 163913.936170                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data 159117.963250                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data 48035.250000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data 164155.837945                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       150183                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data       216228                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159611.148148                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          192                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           44                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.inst           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu1.data           62                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu2.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.inst          120                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu3.data           55                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.inst          171                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu4.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.inst           87                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu5.data           43                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::.timingCpu7.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_hits::total         1148                       # number of overall hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        92907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       192801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     17281423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6796814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       160173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       160835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6748921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2600038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     42036040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     16177940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       518814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       316681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       178488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       339654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       215778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       946719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.itb.walker       131535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     21001644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     14394258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1697967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       706293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     71418843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     60430509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1463868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       604395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     24958350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     10568421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1227771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       182151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     41822802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     30345291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1953378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       324009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst    101849049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     75407184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker      1039626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       177489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     39437856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12892428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       758907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       205794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     19003977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      8048277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       875790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       132867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     27829143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10876779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_latency::total    676530677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.958763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.826772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.636364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.900000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.948743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.927823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.984520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.826339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.880952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.814815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.893591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.793544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.285714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.862342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.796209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.846154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.991781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.979310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           93                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          258                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu0.data          195                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          981                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu1.data          797                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          318                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu2.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          571                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu3.data          407                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1436                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          545                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu5.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          252                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu6.data          107                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::.timingCpu7.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_misses::total         9149                       # number of overall misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu2.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu6.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::.timingCpu7.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        89577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       182811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     16482223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      6437174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       153513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher       154175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      6439231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2493478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     40117960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     15478640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       495504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       300031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       171828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       323004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher       205788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       872793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.inst     20059254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu0.data     13744908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1638027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       627705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.inst     68152113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu1.data     57776499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker      1103229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       456210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.inst     23032944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu2.data     10023966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker      1187811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       175491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.inst     39921372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu3.data     28989981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1880118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       310689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.inst     97067169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu4.data     71887374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       999666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.itb.walker       170829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.inst     37623006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu5.data     12332988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       643356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.itb.walker       139860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.inst     17594055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu6.data      7691967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       663003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       126207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.inst     24372603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.timingCpu7.data     10266723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641056853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     0.958763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     0.826772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.inst     0.996124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.inst     0.948743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu1.data     0.927823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.inst     0.944272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu2.data     0.983193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.inst     0.826339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu3.data     0.880952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.inst     0.893591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu4.data     0.793544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.inst     0.862342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu5.data     0.796209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.inst     0.968254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.inst     0.904110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.timingCpu7.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher           93                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu0.data          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.inst          981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu1.data          797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu2.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.inst          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu3.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.inst         1436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu4.data         1057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.inst          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu5.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.inst          244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu6.data          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.inst          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::.timingCpu7.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu0.data       150183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu1.data     18489492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu2.data      7703955                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu3.data     82263987                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu4.data       960705                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu5.data     41531427                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu6.data       150183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::.timingCpu7.data      3892104                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    155142036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu1.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu2.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu3.data          517                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu4.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu5.data          253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu6.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::.timingCpu7.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l3cache.banks3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks3.replacements                  0                       # number of replacements
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.avg_refs          1.321458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.data_accesses       458689                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.596794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.055115                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.098450                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.sampled_refs          3649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.tag_accesses        458689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.tagsinuse         0.596794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.total_refs            4822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3cache.banks3.tags.warmup_cycle  19416725886951                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.mem_cntrls0.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls0.avgGap                   590075.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgMemAccLat              32785.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher::samples       438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher::samples       185.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher::samples         9.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher::samples       151.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher::samples        70.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher::samples      1144.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher::samples       414.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher::samples        20.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.dtb.walker::samples         8.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.itb.walker::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.data::samples       220.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.dtb.walker::samples        34.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.itb.walker::samples        25.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.inst::samples       534.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.data::samples      1532.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.dtb.walker::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.itb.walker::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.inst::samples       178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.data::samples       212.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.dtb.walker::samples         9.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.itb.walker::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.inst::samples        57.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.data::samples       785.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.dtb.walker::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.itb.walker::samples        12.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.inst::samples       582.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.data::samples      1892.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.dtb.walker::samples        11.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.itb.walker::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.inst::samples       147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.data::samples       245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.dtb.walker::samples         7.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.itb.walker::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.data::samples       144.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.dtb.walker::samples         7.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.inst::samples        87.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.data::samples       170.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls0.avgQLat                   14035.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls0.avgRdBW                       0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls0.avgRdBWSys                    0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls0.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_cntrls0.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls0.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls0.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_cntrls0.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_cntrls0.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_cntrls0.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu1.inst         1760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu2.inst          587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu3.inst          188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu4.inst         1918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu5.inst          484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu7.inst          287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_inst_read::total           5223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher         1364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           66                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu0.data          725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           82                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu1.inst         1760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu1.data         5048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu2.inst          587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu2.data          699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu3.inst          188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu3.data         2587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           79                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu4.inst         1918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu4.data         6235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu5.inst          484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu5.data          807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu6.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu6.data          475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu7.inst          287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::.timingCpu7.data          560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_read::total               31037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher         1364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           66                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu0.data          725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker          112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           82                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu1.inst         1760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu1.data         5048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu2.inst          587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu2.data          699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu3.inst          188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu3.data         2587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           79                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu4.inst         1918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu4.data         6235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu5.inst          484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu5.data          807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu6.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu6.data          475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu7.inst          287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::.timingCpu7.data          560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bw_total::total              31037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   194.394066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.265952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.819629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1665     53.69%     53.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          830     26.77%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          208      6.71%     87.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      2.06%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.93%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      1.10%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      1.00%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.81%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          184      5.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesReadDRAM               602816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesReadSys                602816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_cntrls0.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu1.inst        34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu2.inst        11392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu3.inst         3648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu4.inst        37248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu5.inst         9408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu7.inst         5568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       101440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher        28032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        11840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher         9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher        73216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.inst        34176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.data        98048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.itb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.inst        11392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.inst         3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.data        50240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.inst        37248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.data       121088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.inst         9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.data        15680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.inst         5568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.data        10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.bytes_read::total           602816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          438                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          185                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            9                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          151                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           70                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1144                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          414                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           20                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.data          220                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           34                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           25                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.inst          534                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.data         1532                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           16                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.inst          178                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.data          212                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            9                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.inst           57                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.data          785                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           24                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           12                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.inst          582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.data         1892                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           11                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.inst          147                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.data          245                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            7                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.data          144                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.inst           87                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.data          170                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     29126.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     20918.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     35471.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     25101.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     29065.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher     21083.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     33205.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     31733.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     32627.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     28734.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     26792.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     19084.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     30950.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher     24888.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     25183.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher     21082.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     39371.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.itb.walker     25625.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.data     30721.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     41429.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     47088.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.inst     32579.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.data     33892.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     44767.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     39576.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.inst     35611.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.data     41784.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     31520.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     32500.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.inst     31629.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.data     35677.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     31382.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     54921.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.inst     28682.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.data     31772.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     43948.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     39375.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.inst     27094.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.data     31906.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     34464.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     32500.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.data     35048.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     38417.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.inst     28659.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.data     36993.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher        28032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        11840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher          576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher         9664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher         4480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher        73216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher        26496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher         1280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.data        14080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         2176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.itb.walker         1600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.inst        34176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.data        98048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.itb.walker         1024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.inst        11392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.data        13568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.inst         3648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.data        50240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker         1536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.inst        37248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.data       121088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker          704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.inst         9408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.data        15680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.data         9216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.inst         5568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.data        10880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 1443.298025483904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 609.612179713521                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 29.656808742820                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 497.575346685090                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 230.664067999711                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 3769.709911309557                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 1364.213202169717                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 65.904019428489                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 16.476004857122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 9.885602914273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 16.476004857122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 26.361607771396                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.itb.walker 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.data 724.944213713376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 112.036833028431                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 82.380024285611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.inst 1759.637318740650                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.data 5048.247888222239                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 52.723215542791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 52.723215542791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.inst 586.545772913550                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.data 698.582605941981                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 29.656808742820                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.inst 187.826455371193                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.data 2586.732762568184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 79.084823314187                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 39.542411657093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.inst 1917.806965369023                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.data 6234.520237935036                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 36.247210685669                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.inst 484.394542799392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.data 807.324237998987                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 23.066406799971                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 9.885602914273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.data 474.508939885119                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 23.066406799971                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.inst 286.682484513926                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.data 560.184165142154                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher        58253                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        41836                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     15536527                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      4643801                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       261591                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        42166                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      5014030                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      2221345                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     37325995                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     11895924                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       535848                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        76339                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       154753                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        74665                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       125917                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        42165                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       314973                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.itb.walker        51250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.data      6758723                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1408600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.itb.walker      1177206                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.inst     17397214                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.data     51923887                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       716279                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       633231                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.inst      6338892                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.data      8858278                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       283683                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.itb.walker        65000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.inst      1802883                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.data     28007117                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker       753180                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       659053                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.inst     16693018                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.data     60113753                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       483429                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        78750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.inst      3982924                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.data      7817174                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       241250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        97500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.data      5047050                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       268924                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.inst      2493383                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.data      6288852                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls0.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_cntrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_cntrls0.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_cntrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_cntrls0.numStayReadState             19855                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_cntrls0.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_cntrls0.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_cntrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu0.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu1.inst          534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu1.data         1532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu2.inst          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu2.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu3.inst           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu3.data          785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu4.inst          582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu4.data         1892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu5.inst          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu5.data          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu6.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu7.inst           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::.timingCpu7.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.num_reads::total              9419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls0.pageHitRate                  67.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_cntrls0.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls0.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000666522                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_cntrls0.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_cntrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  6145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  1900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.readBursts                    9419                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readPktSize::6                9419                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.readReqs                      9419                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_cntrls0.readRowHitRate               67.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_cntrls0.readRowHits                   6318                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_cntrls0.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_cntrls0.totBusLat                 47095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_cntrls0.totGap                  5557917852                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_cntrls0.totMemAccLat             308806611                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_cntrls0.totQLat                  132200361                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls0.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls0.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_cntrls0.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_cntrls0.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_cntrls0_0.actBackEnergy          652465890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.actEnergy               11623920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.averagePower            0.142196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4189029586                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    187980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1256111321                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_0.preBackEnergy         1613673120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.preEnergy                6178260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.readEnergy              33429480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.refreshEnergy       444384720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.totalEnergy           2761755390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_0.totalIdleTime                  0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_cntrls0_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.actBackEnergy          676667520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.actEnergy               10517220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.averagePower            0.142326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4135727298                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    187980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1309413609                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls0_1.preBackEnergy         1593292800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.preEnergy                5590035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.readEnergy              33822180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.refreshEnergy       444384720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.totalEnergy           2764274475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls0_1.totalIdleTime                  0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_cntrls0_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls1.avgGap                   592141.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgMemAccLat              32132.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher::samples       444.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher::samples       188.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher::samples         8.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher::samples       162.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher::samples        60.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher::samples      1142.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher::samples       410.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.dtb.walker::samples        12.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.data::samples       210.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.dtb.walker::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.itb.walker::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.inst::samples       545.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.data::samples      1522.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.dtb.walker::samples        23.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.itb.walker::samples        10.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.inst::samples       161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.data::samples       175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.dtb.walker::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.inst::samples        71.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.data::samples       757.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.dtb.walker::samples        25.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.itb.walker::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.inst::samples       591.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.data::samples      1928.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.dtb.walker::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.itb.walker::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.inst::samples       153.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.data::samples       226.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.dtb.walker::samples        12.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.itb.walker::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.data::samples       144.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.dtb.walker::samples         8.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.inst::samples        89.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.data::samples       193.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls1.avgQLat                   13382.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls1.avgRdBW                       0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls1.avgRdBWSys                    0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls1.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_cntrls1.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls1.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls1.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_cntrls1.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_cntrls1.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_cntrls1.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu1.inst         1796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu2.inst          531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu3.inst          234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu4.inst         1947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu5.inst          504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu7.inst          293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_inst_read::total           5305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher         1351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu0.data          692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           96                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu1.inst         1796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu1.data         5015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           76                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu2.inst          531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu2.data          577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu3.inst          234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu3.data         2494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           82                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu4.inst         1947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu4.data         6353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu5.inst          504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu5.data          745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu6.data          475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu7.inst          293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::.timingCpu7.data          636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_read::total               30929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         1463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         3763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher         1351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu0.data          692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           96                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu1.inst         1796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu1.data         5015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           76                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu2.inst          531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu2.data          577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu3.inst          234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu3.data         2494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           82                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu4.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu4.inst         1947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu4.data         6353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu5.inst          504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu5.data          745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu6.data          475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu7.inst          293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::.timingCpu7.data          636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bw_total::total              30929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   195.414444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.943757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   256.476616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1677     54.55%     54.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          774     25.18%     79.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          205      6.67%     86.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           74      2.41%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           76      2.47%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      0.91%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.98%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.91%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          182      5.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesReadDRAM               600704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesReadSys                600704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_cntrls1.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu1.inst        34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu2.inst        10304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu3.inst         4544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu4.inst        37824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu5.inst         9792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu7.inst         5696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       103040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher        73088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher        26240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.itb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.inst        34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.data        97408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.inst        10304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.data        11200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.inst         4544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.data        48448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.inst        37824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.data       123392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.inst         9792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.data        14464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.inst         5696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.data        12352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.bytes_read::total           600704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          444                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          188                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          162                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           60                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1142                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          410                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.data          210                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           29                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           13                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.inst          545                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.data         1522                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           23                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           10                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.inst          161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.data          175                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.inst           71                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.data          757                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           25                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.inst          591                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.data         1928                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           16                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.inst          153                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.data          226                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           12                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.data          144                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.inst           89                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.data          193                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     26653.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     32256.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     24987.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher     41761.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher     48418.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher     31774.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     32287.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     31566.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     30445.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     31193.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     26116.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     45445.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher     27206.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher     44480.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher     31288.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     34389.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.data     31037.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     38654.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.itb.walker     42019.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.inst     29434.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.data     34328.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     37327.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.itb.walker     47310.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.inst     36831.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.data     48242.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     58646.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.inst     28987.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.data     31860.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     31547.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     39375.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.inst     29394.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.data     30219.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     32500.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     46250.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.inst     28936.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.data     35425.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     34007.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.itb.walker     32500.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.data     40763.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     35937.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.inst     26628.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.data     37440.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher        28416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        12032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher          512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher        10368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher         3840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher        73088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher        26240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher          832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.data        13440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         1856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.itb.walker          832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.inst        34880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.data        97408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker         1472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.itb.walker          640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.inst        10304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.data        11200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker          832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.inst         4544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.data        48448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker         1600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.inst        37824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.data       123392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.itb.walker           64                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.inst         9792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.data        14464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.itb.walker          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.data         9216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.inst         5696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.data        12352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 1463.069231312450                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 619.497782627794                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher 26.361607771396                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher 533.822557370759                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 197.712058285466                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 3763.119509366708                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 1351.032398284020                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 42.837612628518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 16.476004857122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 9.885602914273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 16.476004857122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher 9.885602914273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 39.542411657093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.data 691.992203999132                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 95.560828171309                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.itb.walker 42.837612628518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.inst 1795.884529426319                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.data 5015.295878507995                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 75.789622342762                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.itb.walker 32.952009714244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.inst 530.527356399335                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.data 576.660169999277                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 42.837612628518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.inst 233.959268971135                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.data 2494.467135368299                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 82.380024285611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.inst 1947.463774111843                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.data 6353.147472906316                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 52.723215542791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 3.295200971424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.inst 504.165748627939                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.data 744.715419541923                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 39.542411657093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.itb.walker 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.data 474.508939885119                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 26.361607771396                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.inst 293.272886456775                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.data 635.973787484916                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       106614                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     14321796                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      4697670                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher       334092                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        96836                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher      5147464                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher      1937229                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     36048558                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     12482639                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher       405511                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher       130584                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher       136337                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher       136032                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher       177920                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        93865                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       412679                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.data      6517929                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker      1120974                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.itb.walker       546250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.inst     16042009                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.data     52248331                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       858529                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.itb.walker       473100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.inst      5929866                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.data      8442353                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       762401                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.inst      2058108                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.data     24118276                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker       788678                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.itb.walker       157500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.inst     17372071                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.data     58263179                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       520000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        46250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.inst      4427259                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.data      8006212                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       408094                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.itb.walker        65000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.data      5869983                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       287500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.inst      2369973                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.data      7225970                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls1.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_cntrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_cntrls1.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_cntrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_cntrls1.numStayReadState             19805                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_cntrls1.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_cntrls1.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_cntrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu2.dcache.prefetcher            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu3.dcache.prefetcher          162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu7.dcache.prefetcher            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu0.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu1.itb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu1.inst          545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu1.data         1522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu2.itb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu2.inst          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu2.data          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu3.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu3.data          757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu4.inst          591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu4.data         1928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu5.inst          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu5.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu6.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu6.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu7.inst           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::.timingCpu7.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.num_reads::total              9386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls1.pageHitRate                  67.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_cntrls1.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls1.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000662182                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_cntrls1.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_cntrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  6113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  1895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.readBursts                    9386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readPktSize::6                9386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.readReqs                      9386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_cntrls1.readRowHitRate               67.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_cntrls1.readRowHits                   6312                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_cntrls1.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_cntrls1.totBusLat                 46930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_cntrls1.totGap                  5557842261                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_cntrls1.totMemAccLat             301591621                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_cntrls1.totQLat                  125604121                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls1.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls1.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_cntrls1.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_cntrls1.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_cntrls1_0.actBackEnergy          667039080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.actEnergy               11402580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.averagePower            0.142275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4157066284                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    187980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1288074623                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_0.preBackEnergy         1601400960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.preEnergy                6060615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.readEnergy              33001080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.refreshEnergy       444384720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.totalEnergy           2763289035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_0.totalIdleTime                  0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_cntrls1_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.actBackEnergy          666590490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.actEnergy               10545780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.averagePower            0.142256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4158006531                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    187980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1287134376                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls1_1.preBackEnergy         1601778720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.preEnergy                5605215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.readEnergy              34014960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.refreshEnergy       444384720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.totalEnergy           2762919885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls1_1.totalIdleTime                  0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_cntrls1_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls2.avgGap                   324298.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgMemAccLat              32305.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher::samples        35.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher::samples        30.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.pc.south_bridge.ide::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.dtb.walker::samples        14.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.inst::samples       936.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu0.data::samples       309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.dtb.walker::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.inst::samples      2698.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu1.data::samples       233.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.dtb.walker::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.inst::samples       807.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu2.data::samples        81.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.dtb.walker::samples        23.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.itb.walker::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.inst::samples      2134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu3.data::samples       161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.dtb.walker::samples        25.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.itb.walker::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.inst::samples      4471.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu4.data::samples       351.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.dtb.walker::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.itb.walker::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.inst::samples      1786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu5.data::samples       197.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.dtb.walker::samples        14.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.inst::samples       908.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu6.data::samples       134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.dtb.walker::samples        15.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.itb.walker::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.inst::samples      1095.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgPriority_.timingCpu7.data::samples       129.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_cntrls2.avgQLat                   13555.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_cntrls2.avgRdBW                       0.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls2.avgRdBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls2.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_cntrls2.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls2.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls2.avgWrQLen                     0.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_cntrls2.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_cntrls2.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu0.inst         3084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu1.inst         8890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu2.inst         2659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu3.inst         7032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu4.inst        14733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu5.inst         5885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu6.inst         2992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::.timingCpu7.inst         3608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_inst_read::total          48884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher           99                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.pc.south_bridge.ide        33880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           46                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu0.inst         3084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu0.data         1078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           59                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu1.inst         8890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu1.data          768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu2.inst         2659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu2.data          267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           76                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu3.inst         7032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu3.data          531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           82                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu4.inst        14733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu4.data         1157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           59                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu5.inst         5885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu5.data          755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           46                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu6.inst         2992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu6.data          494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu7.inst         3608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::.timingCpu7.data          524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_read::total               89154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.writebacks         1213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher          115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher           99                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.pc.south_bridge.ide      3407217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           46                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu0.inst         3084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu0.data         1078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           59                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu1.inst         8890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu1.data          768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu2.inst         2659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu2.data          267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           76                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu3.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu3.inst         7032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu3.data          531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           82                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu4.inst        14733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu4.data         1157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           59                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu5.inst         5885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu5.data          755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           46                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu6.inst         2992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu6.data          494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu7.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu7.inst         3608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::.timingCpu7.data          524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_total::total            3463703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_write::.writebacks         1213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_write::.pc.south_bridge.ide      3373337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bw_write::total            3374549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         5317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.975738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.912355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.045222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2603     48.96%     48.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1314     24.71%     73.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          524      9.86%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          293      5.51%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          155      2.92%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          109      2.05%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           83      1.56%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      1.09%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          178      3.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         5317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesReadDRAM              1067456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesReadSys               1073600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesWritten                 22400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_cntrls2.bytesWrittenSys              23552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu0.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu1.inst       172672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu2.inst        51648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu3.inst       136576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu4.inst       286144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu5.inst       114304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu6.inst        58112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::.timingCpu7.inst        70080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_inst_read::total       949440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.pc.south_bridge.ide       658024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.inst        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu0.data        20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.inst       172672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu1.data        14912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.inst        51648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu2.data         5184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.inst       136576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu3.data        10304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.inst       286144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu4.data        22464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.inst       114304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu5.data        14656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.inst        58112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu6.data         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.inst        70080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::.timingCpu7.data        10176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_read::total          1731560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_written::.writebacks        23552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_written::.pc.south_bridge.ide     65517568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.bytes_written::total      65541120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher           35                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            6                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher           30                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           14                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.inst          936                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu0.data          327                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.inst         2698                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu1.data          233                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.inst          807                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu2.data           81                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           23                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            3                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.inst         2134                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu3.data          161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           25                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.inst         4471                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu4.data          351                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.inst         1786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu5.data          229                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           14                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.inst          908                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu6.data          150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           15                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.inst         1095                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAccesses::.timingCpu7.data          159                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher     35849.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     21081.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher     37827.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     30172.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher     23413.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher     53002.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher     89400.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher     99926.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher     50917.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher     21080.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher     37167.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher     21081.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher     21081.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.pc.south_bridge.ide     46250.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker     46413.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.inst     34557.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu0.data     33563.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker     50213.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.inst     31291.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu1.data     48854.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker     40402.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.inst     36516.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu2.data     46735.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker     36736.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.itb.walker     46560.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.inst     29548.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu3.data     43150.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker     47219.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.itb.walker     46250.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.inst     29060.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu4.data     44294.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker     45225.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.itb.walker     46250.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.inst     30131.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu5.data     35188.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker     48332.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.inst     31451.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu6.data     38022.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker     48624.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.itb.walker     25625.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.inst     33419.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadAvgLat::.timingCpu7.data     35192.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher          320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher         2240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher         1920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher          832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher           64                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher           64                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.pc.south_bridge.ide           64                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker          896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.inst        59904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu0.data        19776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.inst       172672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu1.data        14912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.inst        51648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu2.data         5184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker         1472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.itb.walker          192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.inst       136576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu3.data        10304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker         1600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.itb.walker          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.inst       286144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu4.data        22464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.itb.walker          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.inst       114304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu5.data        12608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker          896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.inst        58112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu6.data         8576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker          960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.itb.walker          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.inst        70080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadBytes::.timingCpu7.data         8256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher 16.476004857122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher 115.332033999855                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 19.771205828547                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher 9.885602914273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher 98.856029142733                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher 42.837612628518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher 3.295200971424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher 3.295200971424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.pc.south_bridge.ide 3.295200971424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker 46.132813599942                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.inst 3084.308109253274                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu0.data 1018.217100170151                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker 59.313617485640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.inst 8890.452220903133                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu1.data 767.781826341894                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.inst 2659.227183939521                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu2.data 266.911278685379                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker 75.789622342762                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.itb.walker 9.885602914273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.inst 7031.958873019750                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu3.data 530.527356399335                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker 82.380024285611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.itb.walker 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.inst 14732.843543238661                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu4.data 1156.615540969978                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker 59.313617485640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.itb.walker 6.590401942849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.inst 5885.228934964046                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu5.data 649.154591370614                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker 46.132813599942                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.inst 2992.042482053389                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu6.data 441.556930170875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker 49.428014571367                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.itb.walker 13.180803885698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.inst 3608.245063709760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadRate::.timingCpu7.data 425.080925313752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher       179245                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher        42163                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher      1323953                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       181032                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher        70239                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher       212009                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher      2682023                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher      1299040                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher        50917                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher        42161                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher        37167                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher        42163                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher        42163                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.pc.south_bridge.ide        46250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker       649783                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.inst     32345447                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu0.data     10975287                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker       903848                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.inst     84424121                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu1.data     11383031                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker       161609                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.inst     29468783                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu2.data      3785559                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker       844940                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.itb.walker       139680                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.inst     63055794                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu3.data      6947291                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker      1180497                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.itb.walker        92500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.inst    129928873                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu4.data     15547237                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker       814062                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.itb.walker        92500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.inst     53814693                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu5.data      8058088                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker       676656                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.inst     28558183                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu6.data      5703427                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker       729362                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.itb.walker       102500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.inst     36594214                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterReadTotalLat::.timingCpu7.data      5595562                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          368                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_cntrls2.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  57109378.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        22400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_cntrls2.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1153.320339998553                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_cntrls2.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  21016251395                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_cntrls2.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_cntrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_cntrls2.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_cntrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds           20                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_cntrls2.numStayReadState             33710                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_cntrls2.numStayWriteState              330                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_cntrls2.numWrRetry                       6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_cntrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds           20                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu0.dcache.prefetcher            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu1.dcache.prefetcher           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu2.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu3.l2cache.prefetcher            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu4.dcache.prefetcher           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu4.l2cache.prefetcher           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu5.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu5.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu6.dcache.prefetcher            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu6.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.cpu7.l2cache.prefetcher            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.pc.south_bridge.ide        17286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu0.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu0.inst          936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu0.data          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu1.inst         2698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu1.data          233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu2.inst          807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu2.data           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu3.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu3.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu3.inst         2134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu3.data          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu4.dtb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu4.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu4.inst         4471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu4.data          351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu5.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu5.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu5.inst         1786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu5.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu6.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu6.inst          908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu6.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu7.dtb.walker           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu7.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu7.inst         1095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::.timingCpu7.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_reads::total             34060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_writes::.writebacks          368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_writes::.pc.south_bridge.ide      1023712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.num_writes::total          1024080                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_cntrls2.pageHitRate                  68.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_cntrls2.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            1139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           1774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           1153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_cntrls2.priorityMaxLatency    0.000972395744                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_cntrls2.priorityMinLatency    0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_cntrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean   476.050000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     9.216205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1200.997589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           16     80.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      5.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  9617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  4503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.readBursts                   16775                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readPktSize::6               16775                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.readReqs                     16775                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_cntrls2.readRowHitRate               68.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.readRowHits                  11387                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_cntrls2.servicedByWrQ                   96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_cntrls2.totBusLat                 83395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_cntrls2.totGap                  5559453648                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_cntrls2.totMemAccLat             538824052                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_cntrls2.totQLat                  226092802                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.242316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.649081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             14     70.00%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              2     10.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              2     10.00%     90.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      5.00%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_cntrls2.writeBursts                    368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writePktSize::6                368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_cntrls2.writeReqs                      368                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_cntrls2.writeRowHitRate              88.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_cntrls2.writeRowHits                   325                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_cntrls2_0.actBackEnergy          609264450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.actEnergy               17100300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.averagePower            0.143213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4283948043                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    187980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1161192864                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_0.preBackEnergy         1650053280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.preEnergy                9089025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.readEnergy              51615060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.refreshEnergy       444384720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.totalEnergy           2781506835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_0.totalIdleTime                  0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_cntrls2_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.actBackEnergy          649208910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.actEnergy               20863080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.averagePower            0.144745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4196130625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    187980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1249010282                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_cntrls2_1.preBackEnergy         1616415840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.preEnergy               11088990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.readEnergy              67473000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.refreshEnergy       444384720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.totalEnergy           2811261540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_cntrls2_1.totalIdleTime                  0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_cntrls2_1.writeEnergy              1827000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         2576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave         2576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave         2576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave         2574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave         2574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave         2574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         2574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total        21216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port      2082759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2082759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        58912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port         8627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls0.port        10218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::total        77957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio        36906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio        37816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio        36386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio        35838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio        36784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio        34676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio        35374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio        36730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port         8501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls1.port        10049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::total       317596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio        14028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio         8922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio        10158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio        10374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio        10536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio        11028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio        10656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio         8982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port         8062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls0.port        10042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::total       111052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       202572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port         8727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls1.port        10115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::total       221900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::total         5134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::total         2966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::total         3376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::total         3450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::total         3510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::total         3680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::total         3674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::total         2998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2861268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         5152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave         5152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave         5152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave         5148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave         5148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave         5148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         5148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total        42432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port     66199144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     66199144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        58199                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port       273344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls0.port       304768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks0.mem_side::total       636711                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio        73812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio        75632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio        72772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio        71676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio        73568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio        69352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio        70748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio        73460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port       269376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls1.port       298880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks1.mem_side::total      1166216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio        28056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio        17844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio        20316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio        20748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio        21072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio        22056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio        21312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio        17964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port       252992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls0.port       298048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks2.mem_side::total       736876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       115113                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls2.port       277824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::system.mem_cntrls1.port       301824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3cache.banks3.mem_side::total       695733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         2260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave         1336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave         1140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave         1320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave         1520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave         1208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         1484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::total        10268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         1140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::total         5932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::total         6752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave         1204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         1020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::total         6900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::total         7020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         1124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::total         7360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave         1232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::total         7348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave         1648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::total         5996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                69534688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              450880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                7659                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer10.occupancy               3886                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer10.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer11.occupancy               9990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer11.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer12.occupancy               3330                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer12.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer13.occupancy               8325                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer13.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer14.occupancy               3555                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer14.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer15.occupancy              11322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer15.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer16.occupancy               4328                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer16.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy            6029592                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer18.occupancy            3364628                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer18.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer19.occupancy            3356652                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer19.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                1334                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy               11655                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                3555                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy                5994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy                1559                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer7.occupancy                8991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy                5551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy               16650                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy               7965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer10.occupancy               565                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer11.occupancy              3390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer12.occupancy              1130                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer13.occupancy               565                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer14.occupancy              1130                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy               5009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy            7457075                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy            7368480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer5.occupancy            7152131                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer6.occupancy            8024335                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer7.occupancy                565                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer8.occupancy               1695                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       4416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             40355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.041315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   40286     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      69      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               40355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           53                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16624                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39532                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                             2049                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              116241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             148934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1251838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp           1251838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2956                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          32687                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq            25002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp           25002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           384                       # Transaction distribution
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       593920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages          145                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs          145                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes     63109120                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages        15407                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs        15409                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes      2433024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages          594                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs          594                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups         35675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect           19                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect         3028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.condPredicted        31331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.indirectHits        17657                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        35675                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses        18018                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.lookups            39332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu0.branchPred.usedRAS             3038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2780                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu0.cc_regfile_reads             105110                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu0.cc_regfile_writes             37072                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu0.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.branchMispredicts         3136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu0.commit.branches               19832                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.bw_lim_events           3200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1038                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        70083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu0.commit.committedInsts         30385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.committedOps          143246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       207060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.691809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.681103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       162328     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        18303      8.84%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3507      1.69%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2998      1.45%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         2143      1.03%     91.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13176      6.36%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          952      0.46%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          453      0.22%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3200      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       207060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu0.commit.fp_insts                   0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu0.commit.function_calls           965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu0.commit.int_insts             128160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu0.commit.loads                  22149                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.membars                  406                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13622      9.51%      9.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        88948     62.09%     71.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          125      0.09%     71.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           42      0.03%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        22149     15.46%     87.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        18360     12.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.op_class_0::total       143246                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu0.commit.refs                   40509                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu0.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu0.committedInsts                30385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu0.committedOps                 143246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu0.cpi                       11.653513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu0.cpi_total                 11.653513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu0.decode.BlockedCycles         142156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu0.decode.DecodedInsts          255762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu0.decode.IdleCycles             38641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu0.decode.RunCycles              23108                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu0.decode.SquashCycles            3250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu0.decode.UnblockCycles          11553                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                26681                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu0.dtb.rdMisses                    296                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                20342                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu0.dtb.wrMisses                     19                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu0.fetch.Branches                39332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu0.fetch.CacheLines              12841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu0.fetch.Cycles                 177735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes            903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu0.fetch.Insts                  100692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles           113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          263                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          795                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu0.fetch.SquashCycles             6500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                1607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu0.fetch.branchRate           0.111078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        34947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        20695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rate                 0.284367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       218710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean       1.385538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev      2.912526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::0            173809     79.47%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::1              2823      1.29%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::2              1878      0.86%     81.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::3              1926      0.88%     82.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::4              1490      0.68%     83.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::5              1552      0.71%     83.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::6              1750      0.80%     84.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::7              1402      0.64%     85.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::8             32080     14.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fetch.rateDist::total        218710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 17                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu0.idleCycles                   135382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu0.iew.branchMispredicts          4171                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu0.iew.exec_branches             23588                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu0.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu0.iew.exec_rate              0.511658                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu0.iew.exec_refs                 46721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu0.iew.exec_stores               20325                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu0.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles            49315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts          31924                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts         23831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       213573                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts          26396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts         181174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents             238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          12784                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles            3250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles          13236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          118                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         9775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5471                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          118                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3979                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          192                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu0.iew.wb_consumers             184595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu0.iew.wb_count                 179337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu0.iew.wb_fanout              0.613218                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu0.iew.wb_producers             113197                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu0.iew.wb_rate                0.506470                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu0.iew.wb_sent                  180494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu0.int_regfile_reads            278839                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu0.int_regfile_writes           133612                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu0.ipc                        0.085811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu0.ipc_total                  0.085811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        14318      7.59%      7.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         125081     66.29%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           166      0.09%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             59      0.03%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt           18      0.01%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead         28065     14.87%     88.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20969     11.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            1      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total          188677                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                 2054                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.010886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             1608     78.29%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead             271     13.19%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            175      8.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses          176394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       599144                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       179320                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       283973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded              211709                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued             188677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        70326                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          826                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        97142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       218710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.862681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.739434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       156654     71.63%     71.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        22850     10.45%     82.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2         7021      3.21%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         6245      2.86%     88.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         9721      4.44%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8145      3.72%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         4365      2.00%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2421      1.11%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1288      0.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       218710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu0.iq.rate                    0.532847                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu0.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu0.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu0.itb.wrAccesses                12967                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu0.itb.wrMisses                    126                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu0.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        14262                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads         31924                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu0.memDep0.insertedStores        23831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu0.misc_regfile_reads            72751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu0.misc_regfile_writes             499                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu0.numCycles                    354092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu0.numPwrStateTransitions           17                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu0.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 612801177.888889                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 323918219.009842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            9    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value    226182924                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1008380943                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     90155756                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5515210601                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416578759892                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu0.quiesceCycles              15577182                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu0.rename.BlockCycles            74282                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu0.rename.CommittedMaps         135589                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            4905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu0.rename.IdleCycles             43040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents            189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu0.rename.RenameLookups         614835                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu0.rename.RenamedInsts          238545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu0.rename.RenamedOperands       233426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu0.rename.RunCycles              29775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu0.rename.SQFullEvents           31867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu0.rename.SquashCycles            3250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu0.rename.UnblockCycles          39255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu0.rename.UndoneMaps             97837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           28                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       374322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        29106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu0.rename.serializingInsts          834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu0.rename.skidInsts              36796                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          830                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu0.rob.rob_reads                417044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu0.rob.rob_writes               438463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu0.timesIdled                      760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups        145207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect           50                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect        12984                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.condPredicted       129174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.indirectHits        52951                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups       145207                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses        92256                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.lookups           162313                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu1.branchPred.usedRAS            12207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11728                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu1.cc_regfile_reads             386434                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu1.cc_regfile_writes            184711                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu1.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.branchMispredicts        13407                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu1.commit.branches               72165                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.bw_lim_events          30240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4804                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       356824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu1.commit.committedInsts        288237                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.committedOps          600618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       854292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.703059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.845529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       696211     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        43040      5.04%     86.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        19225      2.25%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25365      2.97%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        16609      1.94%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11560      1.35%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7417      0.87%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4625      0.54%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30240      3.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       854292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu1.commit.fp_insts                3500                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu1.commit.function_calls          5314                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu1.commit.int_insts             578232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu1.commit.loads                  83660                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.membars                 2314                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        11608      1.93%      1.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       436490     72.67%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          572      0.10%     74.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          497      0.08%     74.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           50      0.01%     74.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          112      0.02%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd          102      0.02%     74.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu          678      0.11%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            6      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          606      0.10%     75.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc          606      0.10%     75.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           78      0.01%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        82936     13.81%     88.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        65053     10.83%     99.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          724      0.12%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          500      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.op_class_0::total       600618                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu1.commit.refs                  149213                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu1.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu1.committedInsts               288237                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu1.committedOps                 600618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu1.cpi                        4.789912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu1.cpi_total                  4.789912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu1.decode.BlockedCycles         588110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu1.decode.DecodedInsts         1140910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu1.decode.IdleCycles            146177                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu1.decode.RunCycles             130936                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu1.decode.SquashCycles           14044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu1.decode.UnblockCycles          32415                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu1.dtb.rdAccesses               106882                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu1.dtb.rdMisses                   1399                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                77472                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu1.dtb.wrMisses                    352                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu1.fetch.Branches               162313                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu1.fetch.CacheLines              80349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu1.fetch.Cycles                 754686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes           3933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.timingCpu1.fetch.Insts                  639497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes               46                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles           276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          234                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3396                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu1.fetch.SquashCycles            28088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                4836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu1.fetch.branchRate           0.117564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles       134196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu1.fetch.predictedBranches        65158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rate                 0.463192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples       911682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean       1.466985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev      2.901765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::0            698110     76.57%     76.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::1             15065      1.65%     78.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::2             12683      1.39%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::3             12176      1.34%     80.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::4             15816      1.73%     82.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::5             11586      1.27%     83.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::6             10590      1.16%     85.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::7              9517      1.04%     86.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::8            126139     13.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fetch.rateDist::total        911682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu1.fp_regfile_reads               7611                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu1.fp_regfile_writes              4062                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu1.idleCycles                   468948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu1.iew.branchMispredicts         17844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu1.iew.exec_branches             90215                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu1.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu1.iew.exec_rate              0.578647                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu1.iew.exec_refs                182724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu1.iew.exec_stores               77145                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu1.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles           160647                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts         129994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         4586                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts         95280                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       958613                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts         105579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts         798897                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents             653                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          14752                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles           14044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles          15821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10977                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          609                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          114                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        29727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          609                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu1.iew.wb_consumers             848008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu1.iew.wb_count                 791002                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu1.iew.wb_fanout              0.617137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu1.iew.wb_producers             523337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu1.iew.wb_rate                0.572928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu1.iew.wb_sent                  796091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu1.int_regfile_reads           1138930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu1.int_regfile_writes           609658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu1.ipc                        0.208772                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu1.ipc_total                  0.208772                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        15062      1.81%      1.81% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         617447     74.36%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           694      0.08%     76.26% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            578      0.07%     76.32% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          189      0.02%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          362      0.04%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd           202      0.02%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu          1081      0.13%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            18      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt           912      0.11%     76.66% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc          697      0.08%     76.74% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.74% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.74% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift          145      0.02%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        110594     13.32%     90.08% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80171      9.65%     99.73% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         1655      0.20%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          567      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total          830374                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses             6167                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        12195                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5345                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        11974                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                23991                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.028892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            17667     73.64%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              62      0.26%     73.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              10      0.04%     73.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             36      0.15%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             1      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     74.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead            3793     15.81%     89.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite           2260      9.42%     99.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          102      0.43%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           60      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses          833136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      2591001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       785657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1305223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded              949538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued             830374                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         9075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       357994                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6775                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4271                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503810                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       911682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.910815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.967414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       696140     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        45772      5.02%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        30518      3.35%     84.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        24982      2.74%     87.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        31511      3.46%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22829      2.50%     93.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23604      2.59%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        23801      2.61%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12525      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       911682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu1.iq.rate                    0.601446                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu1.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu1.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu1.itb.wrAccesses                81030                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu1.itb.wrMisses                    425                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu1.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores        18435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads        129994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu1.memDep0.insertedStores        95280                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu1.misc_regfile_reads           366143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu1.misc_regfile_writes            1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu1.numCycles                   1380630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu1.numPwrStateTransitions           19                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu1.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 517337289.100000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 375910718.022947                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      2529469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1007943381                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    419105700                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5173372891                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416591647658                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu1.quiesceCycles              13118902                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu1.rename.BlockCycles           229169                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu1.rename.CommittedMaps         609844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu1.rename.IQFullEvents           18556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu1.rename.IdleCycles            159850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu1.rename.LQFullEvents            6541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents           2011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu1.rename.RenameLookups        2669998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu1.rename.RenamedInsts         1070813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu1.rename.RenamedOperands      1095075                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu1.rename.RunCycles             147996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu1.rename.SQFullEvents          205112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu1.rename.SquashCycles           14044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu1.rename.UnblockCycles         233506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu1.rename.UndoneMaps            485231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        12840                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups      1596541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       127117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu1.rename.serializingInsts         2406                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu1.rename.skidInsts              96890                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu1.rob.rob_reads               1780850                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu1.rob.rob_writes              1973064                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu1.timesIdled                     2846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups         33426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect           21                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect         3840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.condPredicted        26895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.indirectHits         7450                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        33426                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses        25976                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.lookups            38138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu2.branchPred.usedRAS             4131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3587                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu2.cc_regfile_reads              61577                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu2.cc_regfile_writes             32502                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu2.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.branchMispredicts         4088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu2.commit.branches               11972                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.bw_lim_events           4194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1872                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        97652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu2.commit.committedInsts         46216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.committedOps           97455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       170654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.571068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.638319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       143161     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7468      4.38%     88.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         4667      2.73%     91.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4985      2.92%     93.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         2261      1.32%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1169      0.69%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1986      1.16%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          763      0.45%     97.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         4194      2.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       170654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu2.commit.fp_insts                 200                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu2.commit.function_calls          1528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu2.commit.int_insts              93728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu2.commit.loads                  13666                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.membars                  788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          641      0.66%      0.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        74922     76.88%     77.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          159      0.16%     77.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          375      0.38%     78.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            8      0.01%     78.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           16      0.02%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            8      0.01%     78.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu           40      0.04%     78.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt           24      0.02%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc           16      0.02%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        13610     13.97%     92.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         7548      7.75%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           56      0.06%     99.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           32      0.03%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        97455                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu2.commit.refs                   21246                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu2.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu2.committedInsts                46216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu2.committedOps                  97455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu2.cpi                        7.819673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu2.cpi_total                  7.819673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu2.decode.BlockedCycles          99347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu2.decode.DecodedInsts          248395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu2.decode.IdleCycles             47908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu2.decode.RunCycles              28609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu2.decode.SquashCycles            4336                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu2.decode.UnblockCycles           6699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                20179                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu2.dtb.rdMisses                    462                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                10948                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu2.dtb.wrMisses                     39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu2.fetch.Branches                38138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu2.fetch.CacheLines              17884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu2.fetch.Cycles                 133051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes           1208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu2.fetch.Insts                  142481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes               12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles           197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          283                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2174                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu2.fetch.SquashCycles             8672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                3390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu2.fetch.branchRate           0.105530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles        43470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu2.fetch.predictedBranches        11581                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rate                 0.394254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples       186901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean       1.648102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev      3.048820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::0            137939     73.80%     73.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::1              4377      2.34%     76.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::2              2540      1.36%     77.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::3              2945      1.58%     79.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::4              2449      1.31%     80.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::5              2287      1.22%     81.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::6              2154      1.15%     82.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::7              2095      1.12%     83.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::8             30115     16.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fetch.rateDist::total        186901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu2.fp_regfile_reads                479                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu2.fp_regfile_writes               196                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu2.idleCycles                   174493                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu2.iew.branchMispredicts          5427                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu2.iew.exec_branches             17142                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu2.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu2.iew.exec_rate              0.420140                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu2.iew.exec_refs                 30663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu2.iew.exec_stores               10920                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu2.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles            37059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts          27173                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts         16249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       195321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts          19743                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts         151836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents             123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            789                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles            4336                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles            975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          184                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          184                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5231                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu2.iew.wb_consumers             155974                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu2.iew.wb_count                 149385                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu2.iew.wb_fanout              0.634542                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu2.iew.wb_producers              98972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu2.iew.wb_rate                0.413358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu2.iew.wb_sent                  151009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu2.int_regfile_reads            200020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu2.int_regfile_writes           118371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu2.ipc                        0.127883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu2.ipc_total                  0.127883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         1715      1.06%      1.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         124914     77.45%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           212      0.13%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            410      0.25%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            8      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          252      0.16%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             8      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            40      0.02%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            24      0.01%     79.11% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc           16      0.01%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead         21765     13.50%     92.61% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        11814      7.33%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           60      0.04%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           43      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total          161281                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses              457                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          908                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          443                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          714                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                 4364                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.027058                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             3263     74.77%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               2      0.05%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead             600     13.75%     88.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            495     11.34%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            4      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses          163473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       514579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       148942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       292646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded              192243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued             161281                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3078                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1660                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       132462                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       186901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.862922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.904679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       143652     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         9499      5.08%     81.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2         7446      3.98%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         4863      2.60%     88.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         5194      2.78%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4649      2.49%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5059      2.71%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4386      2.35%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2153      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       186901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu2.iq.rate                    0.446275                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu2.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu2.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu2.itb.wrAccesses                18237                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu2.itb.wrMisses                    232                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu2.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads         5061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         3690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads         27173                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu2.memDep0.insertedStores        16249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu2.misc_regfile_reads            70992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu2.misc_regfile_writes             760                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu2.numCycles                    361394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu2.numPwrStateTransitions           17                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu2.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 612530978.888889                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 399290258.333986                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            9    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      8373392                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1008912744                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     94095371                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5512778810                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416577252068                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu2.quiesceCycles              15707929                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu2.rename.BlockCycles            50642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu2.rename.CommittedMaps         100776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu2.rename.IQFullEvents            2221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu2.rename.IdleCycles             51166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu2.rename.LQFullEvents             365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents            203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu2.rename.RenameLookups         540605                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu2.rename.RenamedInsts          227112                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu2.rename.RenamedOperands       231057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu2.rename.RunCycles              31695                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu2.rename.SQFullEvents            5733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu2.rename.SquashCycles            4336                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu2.rename.UnblockCycles           9747                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu2.rename.UndoneMaps            130281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups          527                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       325812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles        39313                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu2.rename.serializingInsts         1107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu2.rename.skidInsts              16223                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu2.rob.rob_reads                361344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu2.rob.rob_writes               406676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu2.timesIdled                      937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups        159738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect           44                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect        11023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.condPredicted       144303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.indirectHits        80638                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups       159738                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses        79100                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.lookups           177356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu3.branchPred.usedRAS            13039                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         9952                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu3.cc_regfile_reads             533630                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu3.cc_regfile_writes            240831                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu3.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.branchMispredicts        11329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu3.commit.branches               94153                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.bw_lim_events          23293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         9608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       327291                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu3.commit.committedInsts        306949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.committedOps          621174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       957920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.648461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.693410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       790232     82.49%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        36791      3.84%     86.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        19109      1.99%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        22009      2.30%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51570      5.38%     96.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         5691      0.59%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5516      0.58%     97.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3709      0.39%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23293      2.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       957920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu3.commit.fp_insts                 466                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu3.commit.function_calls          6372                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu3.commit.int_insts             603562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu3.commit.loads                  66735                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.membars                 5221                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6351      1.02%      1.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       506612     81.56%     82.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1657      0.27%     82.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          485      0.08%     82.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           18      0.00%     82.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           64      0.01%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd           16      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu           22      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt           32      0.01%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc           30      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           18      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        66639     10.73%     93.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        38966      6.27%     99.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           96      0.02%     99.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          168      0.03%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.op_class_0::total       621174                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu3.commit.refs                  105869                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu3.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu3.committedInsts               306949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu3.committedOps                 621174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu3.cpi                        4.220568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu3.cpi_total                  4.220568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu3.decode.BlockedCycles         713041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu3.decode.DecodedInsts         1106309                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu3.decode.IdleCycles            114083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu3.decode.RunCycles             139966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu3.decode.SquashCycles           12663                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu3.decode.UnblockCycles          30580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                88257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu3.dtb.rdMisses                   1011                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                48678                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu3.dtb.wrMisses                    226                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu3.fetch.Branches               177356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu3.fetch.CacheLines              71030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu3.fetch.Cycles                 887227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes           3417                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu3.fetch.Insts                  625047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu3.fetch.ItlbSquashes               21                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles           122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          302                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3376                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu3.fetch.SquashCycles            25326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu3.fetch.TlbCycles                3052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu3.fetch.branchRate           0.136902                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles       103591                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu3.fetch.predictedBranches        93677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rate                 0.482476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples      1010333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean       1.278422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev      2.649046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::0            787621     77.96%     77.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::1             14467      1.43%     79.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::2              9768      0.97%     80.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::3             11500      1.14%     81.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::4             50616      5.01%     86.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::5             13683      1.35%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::6              9223      0.91%     88.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::7             10728      1.06%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::8            102727     10.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fetch.rateDist::total       1010333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu3.fp_regfile_reads               1156                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu3.fp_regfile_writes               647                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu3.idleCycles                   285166                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu3.iew.branchMispredicts         15120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu3.iew.exec_branches            110844                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu3.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu3.iew.exec_rate              0.620458                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu3.iew.exec_refs                136194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu3.iew.exec_stores               48605                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu3.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles           294460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts         110973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         6967                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts         62399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       948876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts          87589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts         803803                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents             934                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           4783                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles           12663                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles           6930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1217                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          167                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44238                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1217                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu3.iew.wb_consumers             946072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu3.iew.wb_count                 796460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu3.iew.wb_fanout              0.582376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu3.iew.wb_producers             550970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu3.iew.wb_rate                0.614790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu3.iew.wb_sent                  800839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu3.int_regfile_reads           1014743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu3.int_regfile_writes           625341                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu3.ipc                        0.236935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu3.ipc_total                  0.236935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         8873      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         673994     81.21%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          1809      0.22%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            529      0.06%     82.56% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           54      0.01%     82.56% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.56% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          161      0.02%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            38      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu           108      0.01%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt           100      0.01%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc           46      0.01%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift           55      0.01%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead         92714     11.17%     93.80% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50954      6.14%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          326      0.04%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          218      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total          829979                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses             1162                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         2309                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          922                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         2606                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                20330                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.024495                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             9784     48.13%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              3      0.01%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               3      0.01%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               7      0.03%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead            5976     29.39%     77.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite           4522     22.24%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           10      0.05%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           25      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses          840274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      2693109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       795538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1275164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded              933921                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued             829979                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14955                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       327701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         4797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         5347                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       466336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1010333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.821491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.777104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       779992     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        45501      4.50%     81.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        32086      3.18%     84.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        24460      2.42%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66760      6.61%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19859      1.97%     95.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19431      1.92%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13947      1.38%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8297      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1010333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu3.iq.rate                    0.640664                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu3.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu3.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu3.itb.wrAccesses                71473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu3.itb.wrMisses                    366                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu3.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads        36096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores        21311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads        110973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu3.memDep0.insertedStores        62399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu3.misc_regfile_reads           363558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu3.misc_regfile_writes            2157                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu3.numCycles                   1295499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu3.numPwrStateTransitions           22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu3.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 443990423.636364                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 359658552.769395                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     14273380                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1005863463                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    431399059                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4883894660                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416868832530                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu3.quiesceCycles              13610392                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu3.rename.BlockCycles           368100                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu3.rename.CommittedMaps         694279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu3.rename.IQFullEvents           29908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu3.rename.IdleCycles            128646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu3.rename.LQFullEvents             603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents           1896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu3.rename.RenameLookups        2610181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu3.rename.RenamedInsts         1044094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu3.rename.RenamedOperands      1144076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu3.rename.RunCycles             153901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu3.rename.SQFullEvents           54151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu3.rename.SquashCycles           12663                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu3.rename.UnblockCycles          93327                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu3.rename.UndoneMaps            449797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups         2405                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups      1422142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles       253696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu3.rename.serializingInsts         3128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu3.rename.skidInsts             116461                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu3.rob.rob_reads               1882371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu3.rob.rob_writes              1950306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu3.timesIdled                     2106                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups       9381708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.RASInCorrect          111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect        39118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.condPredicted      9346739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.indirectHits      6131555                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups      9381708                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses      3250153                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.lookups          9432339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu4.branchPred.usedRAS            32877                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu4.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33531                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu4.cc_regfile_reads           37010279                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu4.cc_regfile_writes          12571219                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu4.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.branchMispredicts        39353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu4.commit.branches             9151908                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.bw_lim_events          72875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu4.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14909                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu4.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1140503                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu4.commit.committedInsts      24633125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.committedOps        46332843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10607715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     4.367844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.120838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1219712     11.50%     11.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       126049      1.19%     12.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        56744      0.53%     13.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3047859     28.73%     41.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        58483      0.55%     42.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34744      0.33%     42.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5979666     56.37%     99.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11583      0.11%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        72875      0.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10607715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu4.commit.fp_insts               11121                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu4.commit.function_calls         12447                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu4.commit.int_insts           43293296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu4.commit.loads                6179032                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.membars                 7625                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        32219      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     39974103     86.28%     86.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         2827      0.01%     86.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         2505      0.01%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          219      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          352      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd          872      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu         1375      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     86.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt         1968      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc         1261      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          652      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6176460     13.33%     99.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       133802      0.29%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2572      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         1656      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.op_class_0::total     46332843                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu4.commit.refs                 6314490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu4.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu4.committedInsts             24633125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu4.committedOps               46332843                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu4.cpi                        0.466558                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu4.cpi_total                  0.466558                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu4.decode.BlockedCycles        1011683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu4.decode.DecodedInsts        48046519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu4.decode.IdleCycles            326271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu4.decode.RunCycles            9302980                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu4.decode.SquashCycles           41514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu4.decode.UnblockCycles         104749                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu4.dtb.rdAccesses              6260374                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu4.dtb.rdMisses                   4892                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu4.dtb.wrAccesses               163508                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu4.dtb.wrMisses                   1169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu4.fetch.Branches              9432339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu4.fetch.CacheLines             228533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu4.fetch.Cycles               10446555                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu4.fetch.IcacheSquashes          11138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu4.fetch.Insts                25768432                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu4.fetch.ItlbSquashes               39                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu4.fetch.MiscStallCycles           179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu4.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          119                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu4.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4060                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu4.fetch.SquashCycles            83028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu4.fetch.TlbCycles                3372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu4.fetch.branchRate           0.820719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu4.fetch.icacheStallCycles       291398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu4.fetch.predictedBranches      6164432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rate                 2.242143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::samples     10787197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::mean       4.508708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::stdev      2.621509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::0           1219631     11.31%     11.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::1             39876      0.37%     11.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::2             28201      0.26%     11.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::3           3019689     27.99%     39.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::4           3038715     28.17%     68.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::5             35936      0.33%     68.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::6             32017      0.30%     68.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::7             30724      0.28%     69.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::8           3342408     30.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fetch.rateDist::total      10787197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu4.fp_regfile_reads              25637                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu4.fp_regfile_writes             14306                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu4.idleCycles                   705573                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu4.iew.branchMispredicts         53368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu4.iew.exec_branches           9205875                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu4.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu4.iew.exec_rate              4.086162                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu4.iew.exec_refs               6418052                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu4.iew.exec_stores              162411                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu4.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewBlockCycles           325939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        6333742                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        13201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        206731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     47474450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        6255641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewExecutedInsts       46961325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewIQFullEvents            2834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          20839                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewSquashCycles           41514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu4.iew.iewUnblockCycles          26091                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          207                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          212                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       154710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        71273                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu4.iew.wb_consumers           53233522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu4.iew.wb_count               46936409                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu4.iew.wb_fanout              0.645034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu4.iew.wb_producers           34337430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu4.iew.wb_rate                4.083994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu4.iew.wb_sent                46951042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu4.int_regfile_reads          50817487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu4.int_regfile_writes         34558863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu4.ipc                        2.143358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu4.ipc_total                  2.143358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        39900      0.08%      0.08% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       40550973     86.17%     86.26% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          3154      0.01%     86.26% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv           2850      0.01%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         1116      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          449      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.27% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd          1241      0.00%     86.28% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.28% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu          2791      0.01%     86.28% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     86.28% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt          3100      0.01%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc         1572      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift         1332      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       6272284     13.33%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       169920      0.36%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         5413      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         1883      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.FU_type_0::total        47057978                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.fp_alu_accesses            19600                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        39248                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17409                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        40607                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_busy_cnt                57288                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.001217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            42096     73.48%     73.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     73.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     73.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              8      0.01%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               1      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              28      0.05%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              53      0.09%     73.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              5      0.01%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            14      0.02%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::MemRead            9104     15.89%     89.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite           5767     10.07%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          138      0.24%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           74      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu4.iq.int_alu_accesses        47055766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    104941697                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     46919000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     48577513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqInstsAdded            47446853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqInstsIssued           47057978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        27597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1141606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20504                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        12688                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu4.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1676992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10787197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     4.362392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.105328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1217206     11.28%     11.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132581      1.23%     12.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        90038      0.83%     13.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75206      0.70%     14.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6067706     56.25%     70.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        69308      0.64%     70.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        73213      0.68%     71.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3032451     28.11%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29488      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10787197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu4.iq.rate                    4.094572                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu4.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu4.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu4.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu4.itb.wrAccesses               229107                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu4.itb.wrMisses                    305                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu4.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu4.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83506                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu4.memDep0.conflictingStores        64217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu4.memDep0.insertedLoads       6333742                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu4.memDep0.insertedStores       206731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu4.misc_regfile_reads         24831849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu4.misc_regfile_writes            4111                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu4.numCycles                  11492770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu4.numPwrStateTransitions           10                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu4.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            5                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 260061345.600000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 408883764.340126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            5    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     42364927                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    990375633                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            5                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3827091409                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   1300306728                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19417056728112                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu4.quiesceCycles               5203617                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu4.rename.BlockCycles           515718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu4.rename.CommittedMaps       46505462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu4.rename.IQFullEvents           69180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu4.rename.IdleCycles            372037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu4.rename.LQFullEvents            7236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu4.rename.ROBFullEvents           5924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu4.rename.RenameLookups      115231218                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu4.rename.RenamedInsts        47831995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu4.rename.RenamedOperands     48156980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu4.rename.RunCycles            9355593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu4.rename.SQFullEvents          269672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu4.rename.SquashCycles           41514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu4.rename.UnblockCycles         367759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu4.rename.UndoneMaps           1651518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu4.rename.fp_rename_lookups        45855                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu4.rename.int_rename_lookups     52304688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu4.rename.serializeStallCycles       134576                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu4.rename.serializingInsts         5666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu4.rename.skidInsts             327816                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu4.rename.tempSerializingInsts         5588                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu4.rob.rob_reads              58006777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu4.rob.rob_writes             95129156                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu4.timesIdled                     5208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups      10761562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.RASInCorrect           26                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect         5973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.condPredicted      9424909                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.indirectHits      6712051                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups     10761562                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses      4049511                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.lookups         12114068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu5.branchPred.usedRAS          1343001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu5.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5630                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu5.cc_regfile_reads           59005021                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu5.cc_regfile_writes          18795935                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu5.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.branchMispredicts         6034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu5.commit.branches            12074641                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.bw_lim_events        5354570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu5.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3101                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu5.commit.commitSquashedInsts       161389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu5.commit.committedInsts      33548225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.committedOps        69792133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     12470453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     5.596600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.637054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       364426      2.92%      2.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1353667     10.85%     13.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         8027      0.06%     13.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1355116     10.87%     24.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1341191     10.75%     35.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1342986     10.77%     46.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12480      0.10%     46.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1337990     10.73%     57.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5354570     42.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     12470453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu5.commit.fp_insts                1404                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu5.commit.function_calls       1339265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu5.commit.int_insts           68434455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu5.commit.loads                9395296                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.membars                 1482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5756      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     59035603     84.59%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          235      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          359      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           46      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           80      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd           84      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu          172      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt          216      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc          146      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          104      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      9394924     13.46%     98.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1353876      1.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          372      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          160      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.op_class_0::total     69792133                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu5.commit.refs                10749332                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu5.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu5.committedInsts             33548225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu5.committedOps               69792133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu5.cpi                        0.380831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu5.cpi_total                  0.380831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu5.decode.BlockedCycles         298888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu5.decode.DecodedInsts        70028733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu5.decode.IdleCycles             80288                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu5.decode.RunCycles           12097831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu5.decode.SquashCycles            6547                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu5.decode.UnblockCycles          12906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu5.dtb.rdAccesses              9406747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu5.dtb.rdMisses                    741                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu5.dtb.wrAccesses              1358728                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu5.dtb.wrMisses                     80                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu5.fetch.Branches             12114068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu5.fetch.CacheLines            6713775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu5.fetch.Cycles               12406962                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu5.fetch.IcacheSquashes           2482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu5.fetch.Insts                33697712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu5.fetch.ItlbSquashes               11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu5.fetch.MiscStallCycles           111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu5.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          103                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu5.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          719                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu5.fetch.SquashCycles            13094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu5.fetch.TlbCycles                1542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu5.fetch.branchRate           0.948173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu5.fetch.icacheStallCycles        80476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu5.fetch.predictedBranches      8055052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rate                 2.637534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::samples     12496460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::mean       5.610500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::stdev      2.335537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::0            365041      2.92%      2.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::1             16061      0.13%      3.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::2           1341339     10.73%     13.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::3           1341350     10.73%     24.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::4           1340822     10.73%     35.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::5              4309      0.03%     35.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::6           2677970     21.43%     56.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::7           1340593     10.73%     67.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::8           4068975     32.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fetch.rateDist::total      12496460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu5.fp_regfile_reads               3582                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu5.fp_regfile_writes              2230                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu5.idleCycles                   279759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu5.iew.branchMispredicts          8045                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu5.iew.exec_branches          12083463                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu5.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu5.iew.exec_rate              5.469862                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu5.iew.exec_refs              10764886                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu5.iew.exec_stores             1358711                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu5.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewBlockCycles           127115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        9417605                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       1365252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     69954083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        9406175                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewExecutedInsts       69884159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewIQFullEvents             358                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            291                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewSquashCycles            6547                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu5.iew.iewUnblockCycles            851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1339888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          480                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           90                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22304                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11216                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          480                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu5.iew.wb_consumers           80591668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu5.iew.wb_count               69880387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu5.iew.wb_fanout              0.649911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu5.iew.wb_producers           52377422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu5.iew.wb_rate                5.469567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu5.iew.wb_sent                69882585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu5.int_regfile_reads          83361780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu5.int_regfile_writes         55084488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu5.ipc                        2.625834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu5.ipc_total                  2.625834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         6992      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       59119134     84.58%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           294      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            413      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          197      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          129      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd           150      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu           415      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt           410      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc          203      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift          234      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       9408373     13.46%     98.05% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1359826      1.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          919      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          169      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.FU_type_0::total        69897858                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.fp_alu_accesses             2954                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         5911                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2568                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         6776                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_busy_cnt              5364228                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.076744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          5361740     99.95%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              1      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               6      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               7      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              1      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             4      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::MemRead            1395      0.03%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite           1029      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           32      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           13      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu5.iq.int_alu_accesses        75252140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    157652606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     69877819                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     70109685                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqInstsAdded            69948826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqInstsIssued           69897858                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         5257                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161913                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu5.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       222387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     12496460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     5.593413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.348391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       363157      2.91%      2.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        17265      0.14%      3.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25734      0.21%      3.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         9861      0.08%      3.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1348742     10.79%     14.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2682190     21.46%     35.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5356394     42.86%     78.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2689676     21.52%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3441      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     12496460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu5.iq.rate                    5.470935                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu5.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu5.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu5.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu5.itb.wrAccesses              6713925                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu5.itb.wrMisses                    111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu5.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu5.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu5.memDep0.conflictingStores         6473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu5.memDep0.insertedLoads       9417605                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu5.memDep0.insertedStores      1365252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu5.misc_regfile_reads         33593192                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu5.misc_regfile_writes             982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu5.numCycles                  12776219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu5.numPwrStateTransitions            9                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu5.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            4                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 337358720.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 446614978.578533                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            4    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     57463479                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1000575756                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            4                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4254479928                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   1349434883                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416580211438                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu5.quiesceCycles               4140059                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu5.rename.BlockCycles           144710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu5.rename.CommittedMaps       73795916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu5.rename.IQFullEvents            6531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu5.rename.IdleCycles             85945                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu5.rename.LQFullEvents             374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu5.rename.ROBFullEvents            412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu5.rename.RenameLookups      176294375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu5.rename.RenamedInsts        69999558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu5.rename.RenamedOperands     74011909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu5.rename.RunCycles           12104241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu5.rename.SQFullEvents           19086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu5.rename.SquashCycles            6547                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu5.rename.UnblockCycles          28841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu5.rename.UndoneMaps            215942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu5.rename.fp_rename_lookups         7046                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu5.rename.int_rename_lookups     83557869                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu5.rename.serializeStallCycles       126176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu5.rename.serializingInsts         1518                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu5.rename.skidInsts              39456                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu5.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1532                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu5.rob.rob_reads              77069131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu5.rob.rob_writes            139933466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu5.timesIdled                     1929                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.BTBLookups         27226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.RASInCorrect           27                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.condIncorrect         3106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.condPredicted        22407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.indirectHits         8223                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.indirectLookups        27226                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.indirectMisses        19003                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.lookups            30524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu6.branchPred.usedRAS             2935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu6.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2951                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu6.cc_regfile_reads              58740                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu6.cc_regfile_writes             26073                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu6.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.branchMispredicts         3164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu6.commit.branches               11531                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.bw_lim_events           2380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu6.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          997                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu6.commit.commitSquashedInsts        69443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu6.commit.committedInsts         29884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.committedOps           86459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       135888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.636252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.639259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       109369     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9418      6.93%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3182      2.34%     89.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3219      2.37%     92.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1789      1.32%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4845      3.57%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1203      0.89%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          483      0.36%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         2380      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       135888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu6.commit.fp_insts                   0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu6.commit.function_calls           941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu6.commit.int_insts              80207                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu6.commit.loads                  12980                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.membars                  414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4329      5.01%      5.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        60224     69.66%     74.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          118      0.14%     74.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          123      0.14%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        12980     15.01%     89.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         8685     10.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.op_class_0::total        86459                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu6.commit.refs                   21665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu6.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu6.committedInsts                29884                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu6.committedOps                  86459                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu6.cpi                        9.236648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu6.cpi_total                  9.236648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu6.decode.BlockedCycles          77477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu6.decode.DecodedInsts          196201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu6.decode.IdleCycles             39033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu6.decode.RunCycles              21021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu6.decode.SquashCycles            3258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu6.decode.UnblockCycles           6768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                17730                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu6.dtb.rdMisses                    301                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                10918                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu6.dtb.wrMisses                     27                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu6.fetch.Branches                30524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu6.fetch.CacheLines              12141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu6.fetch.Cycles                 103280                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu6.fetch.IcacheSquashes           1029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu6.fetch.Insts                   99716                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu6.fetch.ItlbSquashes               11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu6.fetch.MiscStallCycles           131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu6.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          239                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu6.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          418                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu6.fetch.SquashCycles             6516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu6.fetch.TlbCycles                2358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu6.fetch.branchRate           0.110583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu6.fetch.icacheStallCycles        37875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu6.fetch.predictedBranches        11158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rate                 0.361253                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::samples       147559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::mean       1.620098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::stdev      3.055376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::0            110385     74.81%     74.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::1              3141      2.13%     76.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::2              2031      1.38%     78.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::3              1869      1.27%     79.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::4              1562      1.06%     80.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::5              1434      0.97%     81.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::6              1533      1.04%     82.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::7              1198      0.81%     83.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::8             24406     16.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fetch.rateDist::total        147559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu6.fp_regfile_reads                 65                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu6.fp_regfile_writes                56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu6.idleCycles                   128469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu6.iew.branchMispredicts          4233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu6.iew.exec_branches             15494                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu6.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu6.iew.exec_rate              0.453367                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu6.iew.exec_refs                 28324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu6.iew.exec_stores               10893                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu6.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewBlockCycles            25612                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewDispLoadInsts          22760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1088                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewDispStoreInsts         14072                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       156130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewExecLoadInsts          17431                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         6972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewExecutedInsts         125142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewIQFullEvents             120                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewSquashCycles            3258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu6.iew.iewUnblockCycles            208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1092                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         9780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu6.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5387                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu6.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu6.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu6.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu6.iew.wb_consumers             124819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu6.iew.wb_count                 123347                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu6.iew.wb_fanout              0.639422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu6.iew.wb_producers              79812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu6.iew.wb_rate                0.446864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu6.iew.wb_sent                  124425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu6.int_regfile_reads            175969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu6.int_regfile_writes            95136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu6.ipc                        0.108264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu6.ipc_total                  0.108264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4660      3.52%      3.52% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          96830     73.11%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           155      0.12%     76.75% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            128      0.10%     76.85% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt           64      0.05%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead         19032     14.37%     91.26% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        11558      8.73%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.FU_type_0::total          132439                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.fp_alu_accesses               83                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu6.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          171                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu6.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu6.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          176                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_busy_cnt                 2638                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.019919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             2084     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              2      0.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::MemRead             303     11.49%     90.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            244      9.25%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            5      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu6.iq.int_alu_accesses          130334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu6.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       416008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu6.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       123282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu6.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       225700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqInstsAdded              154279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqInstsIssued             132439                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1851                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        69670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1104                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          854                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu6.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        92988                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       147559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.897533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.849109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       107989     73.18%     73.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        11786      7.99%     81.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::2         5747      3.89%     85.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         4299      2.91%     87.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         5223      3.54%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4903      3.32%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3619      2.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2803      1.90%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1190      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       147559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu6.iq.rate                    0.479803                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu6.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu6.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu6.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu6.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu6.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu6.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu6.itb.wrAccesses                12219                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu6.itb.wrMisses                     78                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu6.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu6.memDep0.conflictingLoads         6715                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu6.memDep0.conflictingStores         5823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu6.memDep0.insertedLoads         22760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu6.memDep0.insertedStores        14072                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu6.misc_regfile_reads            56128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu6.misc_regfile_writes             453                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu6.numCycles                    276028                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu6.numPwrStateTransitions           17                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu6.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 615689447.111111                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 385635371.334190                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            9    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     10771552                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1008816507                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     73267884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5541205024                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416569653341                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu6.quiesceCycles              14232192                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu6.rename.BlockCycles            37209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu6.rename.CommittedMaps          85920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu6.rename.IQFullEvents            2521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu6.rename.IdleCycles             41892                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu6.rename.LQFullEvents               4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu6.rename.ROBFullEvents            186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu6.rename.RenameLookups         441252                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu6.rename.RenamedInsts          180001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu6.rename.RenamedOperands       181085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu6.rename.RunCycles              24609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu6.rename.SQFullEvents           15165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu6.rename.SquashCycles            3258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu6.rename.UnblockCycles          18671                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu6.rename.UndoneMaps             95165                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu6.rename.fp_rename_lookups          135                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu6.rename.int_rename_lookups       267359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu6.rename.serializeStallCycles        21918                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu6.rename.serializingInsts          785                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu6.rename.skidInsts              18260                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu6.rename.tempSerializingInsts          771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu6.rob.rob_reads                289249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu6.rob.rob_writes               323684                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu6.timesIdled                      768                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.BTBHitPct       0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.BTBHits                0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.BTBLookups         47200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.RASInCorrect           44                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.condIncorrect         4537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.condPredicted        44941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.indirectHits        17289                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.indirectLookups        47200                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.indirectMisses        29911                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.lookups            56461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.timingCpu7.branchPred.usedRAS             4121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.timingCpu7.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4299                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.timingCpu7.cc_regfile_reads             119715                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.timingCpu7.cc_regfile_writes             49741                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.timingCpu7.commit.amos                       0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.branchMispredicts         4711                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.timingCpu7.commit.branches               29069                       # Number of branches committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.bw_lim_events           3642                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.timingCpu7.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1661                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.timingCpu7.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.timingCpu7.commit.committedInsts         78563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.committedOps          179220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       202042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.887043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.899252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       152812     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11885      5.88%     81.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         4683      2.32%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11848      5.86%     89.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         2568      1.27%     90.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         5246      2.60%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8719      4.32%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          639      0.32%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3642      1.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       202042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.timingCpu7.commit.fp_insts                 384                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.timingCpu7.commit.function_calls          1303                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.timingCpu7.commit.int_insts             164657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.timingCpu7.commit.loads                  23980                       # Number of loads committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.membars                  669                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4580      2.56%      2.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       138993     77.55%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          116      0.06%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           56      0.03%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           20      0.01%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           48      0.03%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu           28      0.02%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt           40      0.02%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc           48      0.03%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        23896     13.33%     93.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        11215      6.26%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           84      0.05%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           96      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.op_class_0::total       179220                       # Class of committed instruction
system.timingCpu7.commit.refs                   35291                       # Number of memory references committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.timingCpu7.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.timingCpu7.committedInsts                78563                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.timingCpu7.committedOps                 179220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.timingCpu7.cpi                        5.165383                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.timingCpu7.cpi_total                  5.165383                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.timingCpu7.decode.BlockedCycles         103244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.timingCpu7.decode.DecodedInsts          338573                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.timingCpu7.decode.IdleCycles             58305                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.timingCpu7.decode.RunCycles              43935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.timingCpu7.decode.SquashCycles            4897                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.timingCpu7.decode.UnblockCycles           8970                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.timingCpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                30824                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu7.dtb.rdMisses                    422                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                14739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu7.dtb.wrMisses                     29                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu7.fetch.Branches                56461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.timingCpu7.fetch.CacheLines              17559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.timingCpu7.fetch.Cycles                 152024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.timingCpu7.fetch.IcacheSquashes           1710                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu7.fetch.Insts                  179932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.timingCpu7.fetch.ItlbSquashes               13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.timingCpu7.fetch.MiscStallCycles           158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.timingCpu7.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          265                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.timingCpu7.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1563                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.timingCpu7.fetch.SquashCycles             9794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.timingCpu7.fetch.TlbCycles                2454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.timingCpu7.fetch.branchRate           0.139132                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu7.fetch.icacheStallCycles        57992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.timingCpu7.fetch.predictedBranches        21410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rate                 0.443392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::samples       219353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::mean       1.833574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::stdev      3.182354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::0            152915     69.71%     69.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::1             11425      5.21%     74.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::2              2220      1.01%     75.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::3              2761      1.26%     77.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::4              2225      1.01%     78.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::5              2251      1.03%     79.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::6              2288      1.04%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::7              1975      0.90%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::8             41293     18.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fetch.rateDist::total        219353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.timingCpu7.fp_regfile_reads                521                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.timingCpu7.fp_regfile_writes               280                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.timingCpu7.idleCycles                   186455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.timingCpu7.iew.branchMispredicts          6297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.timingCpu7.iew.exec_branches             34636                       # Number of branches executed
system.timingCpu7.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.timingCpu7.iew.exec_rate              0.581176                       # Inst execution rate
system.timingCpu7.iew.exec_refs                 45129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.timingCpu7.iew.exec_stores               14711                       # Number of stores executed
system.timingCpu7.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewBlockCycles            33188                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewDispLoadInsts          38257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewDispStoreInsts         19816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       281381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewExecLoadInsts          30418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewExecutedInsts         235846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewIQFullEvents             158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            983                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewSquashCycles            4897                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.timingCpu7.iew.iewUnblockCycles           1236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1542                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           45                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14277                       # Number of loads squashed
system.timingCpu7.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.timingCpu7.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.timingCpu7.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6047                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu7.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          250                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.timingCpu7.iew.wb_consumers             235124                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.timingCpu7.iew.wb_count                 233188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.timingCpu7.iew.wb_fanout              0.645379                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.timingCpu7.iew.wb_producers             151744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.timingCpu7.iew.wb_rate                0.574626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.timingCpu7.iew.wb_sent                  234793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.timingCpu7.int_regfile_reads            303086                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.timingCpu7.int_regfile_writes           173302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.timingCpu7.ipc                        0.193596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.timingCpu7.ipc_total                  0.193596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         5313      2.16%      2.16% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         192211     78.04%     80.19% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           147      0.06%     80.25% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             61      0.02%     80.28% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.01%     80.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          134      0.05%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            32      0.01%     80.35% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            40      0.02%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc           48      0.02%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv             0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     80.39% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead         32493     13.19%     93.58% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        15599      6.33%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           94      0.04%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          113      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.FU_type_0::total          246305                       # Type of FU issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.fp_alu_accesses              530                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.timingCpu7.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         1046                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu7.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          469                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu7.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          652                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_busy_cnt                10779                       # FU busy when requested
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.043763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             9957     92.37%     92.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     92.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     92.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     92.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     92.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              3      0.03%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     92.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               2      0.02%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     92.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::MemRead             444      4.12%     96.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            349      3.24%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           10      0.09%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           14      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.timingCpu7.iq.int_alu_accesses          251241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.timingCpu7.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       723225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu7.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       232719                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu7.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       383019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqInstsAdded              278043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqInstsIssued             246305                       # Number of instructions issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       102160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1529                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1677                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.timingCpu7.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       136151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       219353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.122870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.099653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       151583     69.10%     69.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15184      6.92%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        15170      6.92%     82.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         5842      2.66%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         7124      3.25%     88.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         6338      2.89%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5476      2.50%     94.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10875      4.96%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1761      0.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       219353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.timingCpu7.iq.rate                    0.606950                       # Inst issue rate
system.timingCpu7.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.timingCpu7.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.timingCpu7.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.timingCpu7.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.timingCpu7.itb.rdAccesses                    0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.timingCpu7.itb.rdMisses                      0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.timingCpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 19422184126249                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu7.itb.wrAccesses                17814                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.timingCpu7.itb.wrMisses                    219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.timingCpu7.kern.inst.arm                     0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.timingCpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                 0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.timingCpu7.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.timingCpu7.memDep0.conflictingStores         7305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.timingCpu7.memDep0.insertedLoads         38257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu7.memDep0.insertedStores        19816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.timingCpu7.misc_regfile_reads           112561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.timingCpu7.misc_regfile_writes             767                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.timingCpu7.numCycles                    405808                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.timingCpu7.numPwrStateTransitions           21                       # Number of power state transitions
system.timingCpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.timingCpu7.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 499817167.545455                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 395475016.544128                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      3612718                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1008825165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    113727824                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5497988843                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 19416572409582                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.timingCpu7.quiesceCycles              15972612                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.timingCpu7.rename.BlockCycles            47419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.timingCpu7.rename.CommittedMaps         171714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.timingCpu7.rename.IQFullEvents            2873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.timingCpu7.rename.IdleCycles             62301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.timingCpu7.rename.LQFullEvents              89                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.timingCpu7.rename.ROBFullEvents            285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.timingCpu7.rename.RenameLookups         753981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.timingCpu7.rename.RenamedInsts          315225                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.timingCpu7.rename.RenamedOperands       307828                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.timingCpu7.rename.RunCycles              48495                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.timingCpu7.rename.SQFullEvents           15605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.timingCpu7.rename.SquashCycles            4897                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.timingCpu7.rename.UnblockCycles          20389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.timingCpu7.rename.UndoneMaps            136114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.timingCpu7.rename.fp_rename_lookups          618                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.timingCpu7.rename.int_rename_lookups       436168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.timingCpu7.rename.serializeStallCycles        35850                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.timingCpu7.rename.serializingInsts         1244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu7.rename.skidInsts              24482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.timingCpu7.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.timingCpu7.rob.rob_reads                479257                       # The number of ROB reads
system.timingCpu7.rob.rob_writes               579735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.timingCpu7.timesIdled                     1154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
